term: I
frequency: 175143
lemmatized_to: i
context 1: Hi y'all So I really need some help or
context 2: or encouragement right now . I have started to date someone
context 3: but it has potential . I am constantly worrying about how

term: is
frequency: 34622
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: restrooms at restaurants but there is going to be a night
context 2: know if retrograde cricopharyngeus dysfunction is linked to stress ? I
context 3: without vomit and how popular is it really among no burpers

term: was
frequency: 32422
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: last doctor told me it was all due to anxiety .
context 2: burp except since when I was a baby but I 'd
context 3: Monday ( I think I was gurgling constantly by Wednesday )

term: me
frequency: 23432
lemmatized_to: i
context 1: him and it has caused me to not date people in
context 2: as my last doctor told me it was all due to
context 3: and constantly trying to teach me ) but I became extremely

term: had
frequency: 18787
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: phobia of barfing that I had as a child and teen
context 2: Has anyone had Linx surgery ?
context 3: counterintuitive , but has anyone had Linx surgery for acid reflux

term: n't
frequency: 17104
lemmatized_to: not
context 1: I have n't been able to burp except
context 2: man I ca n't take it anymore
context 3: to the edge I do n't even know how much more

term: n’t
frequency: 14131
lemmatized_to: not
context 1: at 10 – I did n’t vomit again until my early
context 2: family of belchers somehow does n’t find that as charming as
context 3: and teen , I do n’t think I can bear to

term: ’s
frequency: 11982
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: barf ? Also ... what ’s this secret trick ?
context 2: gas on demand and it ’s usually loud and raucous (
context 3: up and outward . It ’s unpleasant but I rarely vomit

term: 's
frequency: 11955
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: many more symptoms but that 's the main one ) .
context 2: yesterday and so far it 's not like how I expected
context 3: I can remember . It 's astounding that I 've run

term: 'm
frequency: 11649
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: to deal with . I 'm also planning on seeing a
context 2: linked to stress ? I 'm 16 , btw . Edit
context 3: not only gurgle when I 'm stressed , it gurgles all

term: are
frequency: 11486
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: burping like crazy . They are n't big but they are
context 2: are n't big but they are frequent now . Tons of
context 3: : The micro - burps are still happening although I suspect

term: It
frequency: 10995
lemmatized_to: it
context 1: , btw . Edit : It still happens all the time
context 2: abdomen up and outward . It ’s unpleasant but I rarely
context 3: was fine before ) . It ’s so annoying because I

term: been
frequency: 10941
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: I have n't been able to burp except since
context 2: I have never been able to burp as a
context 3: I ’ve never been able to burp . I

term: ’m
frequency: 10359
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: it as sounding like I ’m forcing a barf but really
context 2: IT SUCKS , as I ’m sure you know . Previously
context 3: sugar rich kinds . I ’m dead if I have any

term: did
frequency: 9853
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: again at 10 – I did n’t vomit again until my
context 2: thought it would . I did n't expect to have trouble
context 3: find a way like I did .

term: an
frequency: 9221
lemmatized_to: a
context 1: was about to go through an imminent break up that I
context 2: - I have also had an abdominal ultrasound with nothing found
context 3: trouble swallowing , which is an absolute bitch . I choke

term: has
frequency: 8595
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: serious so far but it has potential . I am constantly
context 2: it to him and it has caused me to not date
context 3: Seems so counterintuitive , but has anyone had Linx surgery for

term: Botox
frequency: 8037
lemmatized_to: botox
context 1: just underwent Dr. Bastian 's Botox procedure , AMA
context 2: little about Dr Bastin 's Botox surgery . I am curious
context 3: for 100 CC 's of Botox , which my work benefits

term: am
frequency: 7569
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: it has potential . I am constantly worrying about how to
context 2: probably more happened but I am blanking . Anyway , I
context 3: really stressed and I still am now . Does anyone know

term: The
frequency: 7280
lemmatized_to: the
context 1: a lot more often . The croaking throat , the internal
context 2: ;) ** Day 7** : The micro - burps are still
context 3: it 's good stuff . The key is eating slowly and

term: people
frequency: 6999
lemmatized_to: person
context 1: caused me to not date people in the past when it
context 2: I have finally found my people . I am 33 and
context 3: ! I 've found my people ! I probably burp once

term: 've
frequency: 6876
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: I 'm 27 and I 've never been able to burp
context 2: It 's astounding that I 've run into a subreddit for
context 3: of beer . Mostly I 've learned to either deal with

term: burps
frequency: 6113
lemmatized_to: burp
context 1: having the " micro - burps . " Just accidental small
context 2: . " Just accidental small burps every so often while eating
context 3: infrequent and gross sounding micro- burps particularly after drinking something .

term: symptoms
frequency: 5957
lemmatized_to: symptom
context 1: concerning ( many many more symptoms but that 's the main
context 2: to feel “ the gas symptoms ” a lot more often
context 3: between when I get the symptoms and how much added sugar

term: ’ve
frequency: 5792
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: I ’ve never been able to burp
context 2: . Normal milk ( I ’ve now switched to lactose free
context 3: whispering ) . Once you ’ve relaxed your throat , try

term: got
frequency: 5240
lemmatized_to: get
context 1: tiny , real burp that got my moms attention . **
context 2: swallowing any more . I got ta admit , this procedure
context 3: having this problem before I got the fear of puking .

term: ca
frequency: 5202
lemmatized_to: can
context 1: of social outings because I ca n’t drink more than one
context 2: man I ca n't take it anymore
context 3: is frickin unbearable . I ca n’t sleep . It ’s

term: does
frequency: 5167
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: what . TL;DR my throat does not only gurgle when I
context 2: ( family of belchers somehow does n’t find that as charming
context 3: down my throat . How does that relieve painful gas without

term: My
frequency: 5114
lemmatized_to: my
context 1: and out pretty violently . My fiancé describes it as sounding
context 2: It ’s been days ! My diet has n’t changed either
context 3: keep you guys updated . My throat feels really weird .

term: them
frequency: 5001
lemmatized_to: they
context 1: the gurgles daily to getting them biweekly . That was HUGE
context 2: my head forward to make them happen . Does anyone else
context 3: letter to my GP requesting them to refer me , explaining

term: going
frequency: 4774
lemmatized_to: go
context 1: at restaurants but there is going to be a night at
context 2: place or mine where im going to have to do that
context 3: a fast eater I 'm going to have to learn how

term: years
frequency: 4588
lemmatized_to: year
context 1: . However , about two years ago , I started to
context 2: - burper for 20 + years . I 'm making this
context 3: When I was like 7 years old I remember I was

term: being
frequency: 4586
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: I was kidding . not being able to burp really does
context 2: was relieved for the time being . After this experience I
context 3: massive fear I had of being sick which is n't as

term: getting
frequency: 4327
lemmatized_to: get
context 1: enough that I 'm not getting bloated anymore . I also
context 2: I can drink soda without getting bloated . Once the swallowing
context 3: with swallowing . It 's getting better but very slowly .

term: But
frequency: 3994
lemmatized_to: but
context 1: my diet , really . But after trying my best to
context 2: day . It sucks . But I can burp now so
context 3: and hopefully fix it . But even that seems like a

term: So
frequency: 3951
lemmatized_to: so
context 1: Hi y'all So I really need some help
context 2: often as others express . So when I vomit I usually
context 3: So far I 'm not noticing

term: If
frequency: 3925
lemmatized_to: if
context 1: foods give you gas ? If not , what foods do
context 2: half of the time . If it wo n't come out
context 3: gas will travel upwards . If the the throat is relaxed

term: having
frequency: 3870
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: post op . I 'm having the " micro - burps
context 2: less frequent . I 'm having more " regular " burps
context 3: burps . I 'm still having trouble swallowing but have been

term: CPD
frequency: 3843
lemmatized_to: cpd
context 1: Does R - CPD become a problem under stress
context 2: typical people without R - CPD probably figure burping out when
context 3: botox treatment for R - CPD to the wiki : Dr.

term: done
frequency: 3797
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: costs to have this surgery done ? Thanks in advance !
context 2: 'm finally having an endoscopy done , but I 'm a
context 3: who have had the procedure done already . I am planning

term: R
frequency: 3790
lemmatized_to: r
context 1: Does R - CPD become a problem
context 2: 'm thinking typical people without R - CPD probably figure burping
context 3: done the botox treatment for R - CPD to the wiki

term: months
frequency: 3770
lemmatized_to: month
context 1: Over the past couple of months , I realized that my
context 2: croaking noises for about six months to a year now .
context 3: these precious 3 or 4 months . 1 Day After :

term: were
frequency: 3758
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: interesting to see if there were any common issues amongst us
context 2: that you would if you were to be checking your breath
context 3: funding the treatment if anything were to go ahead . I

term: days
frequency: 3688
lemmatized_to: day
context 1: sleep . It ’s been days ! My diet has n’t
context 2: of breath the last few days and it ’s driving me
context 3: ** 1 month , 9 days ** : The procedure was

term: Dr.
frequency: 3647
lemmatized_to: dr.
context 1: I just underwent Dr. Bastian 's Botox procedure ,
context 2: . For more information about Dr. Bastian go [ here ]
context 3: weeks . I talked to Dr. Bastian on Monday and he

term: said
frequency: 3587
lemmatized_to: say
context 1: this morning . Dr. Bastian said he believed I was the
context 2: all testimonials here , have said , that is to be
context 3: first mircoburp ! As I said , I will try to

term: burping
frequency: 3507
lemmatized_to: burp
context 1: Day 4** : I 'm burping like crazy . They are
context 2: . I 'm a baby burping machine . I think it
context 3: good news is I 'm burping like crazy , which I

term: felt
frequency: 3405
lemmatized_to: feel
context 1: . After this experience I felt that I was making some
context 2: by doing this and instantly felt relief in my stomach which
context 3: . My stomach has never felt this good . I 'm

term: started
frequency: 3398
lemmatized_to: start
context 1: right now . I have started to date someone and its
context 2: weeks ago , school JUST started that Monday ( I think
context 3: in the beginning when it started . Now , even when

term: gurgles
frequency: 3386
lemmatized_to: gurgle
context 1: HUGE problem where my throat gurgles every 5 seconds and its
context 2: I 'm stressed , it gurgles all the time
context 3: — whatever ) and have gurgles and stomach bloating as often

term: times
frequency: 3383
lemmatized_to: time
context 1: How many times you " gurgle " per
context 2: . I can count the times I have accidentally burped my
context 3: ) which when repeated many times over the course of 20

term: better
frequency: 3368
lemmatized_to: good
context 1: , does it eventually get better ? I really hope I
context 2: reassured that it will get better in a couple of weeks
context 3: swallowing . It 's getting better but very slowly . I

term: weeks
frequency: 3357
lemmatized_to: week
context 1: . However , just 6 weeks ago , it became a
context 2: main one ) . 6 weeks ago , school JUST started
context 3: better in a couple of weeks . I talked to Dr.

term: This
frequency: 3302
lemmatized_to: this
context 1: provides more instant relief . This lasts for perhaps half a
context 2: but the feeling remains . This is also joined with constant
context 3: fingers down my throat . This took a while to figure

term: found
frequency: 3294
lemmatized_to: find
context 1: an abdominal ultrasound with nothing found . It ’s frustrating and
context 2: I just found this sub , and can
context 3: Shit , I have finally found my people . I am

term: trying
frequency: 3121
lemmatized_to: try
context 1: ’re all incredulous and constantly trying to teach me ) but
context 2: , really . But after trying my best to figure out
context 3: like a balloon , or trying to gurgle subtly so no

term: doing
frequency: 3060
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: heave and I 've been doing all these things recently which
context 2: about 20 times yesterday by doing this and instantly felt relief
context 3: have not at all been doing it consistently so I will

term: eating
frequency: 2999
lemmatized_to: eat
context 1: burps every so often while eating or drinking . I 'll
context 2: while . I 've been eating things like oatmeal and cereal
context 3: stuff . The key is eating slowly and taking small bites

term: And
frequency: 2940
lemmatized_to: and
context 1: it better than burping ? And if I learn to burp
context 2: body is still healing . And more gas means more croaks
context 3: mine are really loud . And as other people have heard

term: ”
frequency: 2919
lemmatized_to: ''
context 1: feel “ the gas symptoms ” a lot more often .
context 2: how to burp ? ! ” I just make “ throat
context 3: I just make “ throat ” noises . Especially after meals

term: went
frequency: 2896
lemmatized_to: go
context 1: than expected actually . I went in armed with information from
context 2: any means , but I went from getting the gurgles daily
context 3: of water just before I went to bed . My throat

term: things
frequency: 2895
lemmatized_to: thing
context 1: . I 've been eating things like oatmeal and cereal .
context 2: 'm not miserable . Certain things like chunks of meat and
context 3: been one of the best things to have happened to me

term: RCPD
frequency: 2895
lemmatized_to: rcpd
context 1: Could it be related to RCPD ?
context 2: the stress and anxiety that RCPD causes .**
context 3: I learned about RCPD about a year ago when

term: “
frequency: 2846
lemmatized_to: ''
context 1: , I started to feel “ the gas symptoms ” a
context 2: Friends have also asked me “ what do you mean you
context 3: ! ” I just make “ throat ” noises . Especially

term: worse
frequency: 2799
lemmatized_to: bad
context 1: but recently I 've developed worse GI symptoms due to an
context 2: that my croak gets much worse when I eat or drink
context 3: and gurgles get so much worse playing after playing sport

term: Bastian
frequency: 2798
lemmatized_to: bastian
context 1: I just underwent Dr. Bastian 's Botox procedure , AMA
context 2: For more information about Dr. Bastian go [ here ] (
context 3: . I talked to Dr. Bastian on Monday and he told

term: issues
frequency: 2613
lemmatized_to: issue
context 1: These foods never gave me issues in my youth , but
context 2: can burp still with no issues . My swallowing is returning
context 3: and GERD / acid reflux issues , and I 've been

term: these
frequency: 2586
lemmatized_to: this
context 1: Does anyone else find that these same type of foods give
context 2: hear how others cope with these symptoms . Thank you .
context 3: I 've been doing all these things recently which have resulted

term: swallowing
frequency: 2565
lemmatized_to: swallow
context 1: I 'm still having trouble swallowing but have been reassured that
context 2: sure it goes down before swallowing any more . I got
context 3: , this procedure affected my swallowing a lot more than I

term: doctors
frequency: 2559
lemmatized_to: doctor
context 1: been to a few GI doctors . Tbh , I get
context 2: I have a doctors appointment next week for the
context 3: . Also , very few doctors speak English here , so

term: made
frequency: 2540
lemmatized_to: make
context 1: some sort psychological event that made my throat muscles tighter ever
context 2: We made a survey
context 3: u / hdawgggy and I made a survey to try to

term: thought
frequency: 2390
lemmatized_to: think
context 1: a lot more than I thought it would . I did
context 2: a couple weeks . I thought it was short term like
context 3: bad now but I literally thought that if I ever threw

term: makes
frequency: 2363
lemmatized_to: make
context 1: to swallow it , which makes me feel sick and takes
context 2: during and afterwards and it makes no difference . It ’s
context 3: does n’t let us burp makes my puke pressurize like holding

term: You
frequency: 2331
lemmatized_to: you
context 1: have ever had .. Thank You .
context 2: there ’s a correlation . You often read on the sub
context 3: So fast forward ahead . You must have seen TV commercials

term: those
frequency: 2291
lemmatized_to: that
context 1: I 've mentally recovered from those things , but my body
context 2: Updates from those who have had the botox
context 3: to get any updates from those who have had the procedure

term: used
frequency: 2267
lemmatized_to: use
context 1: myself to burp . I used this technique several times later
context 2: take a while to get used to the feeling of air
context 3: I have not needed / used the creon !

term: 'll
frequency: 2256
lemmatized_to: will
context 1: eating or drinking . I 'll keep you guys updated .
context 2: swallowing problem goes away I 'll be happy . ** Day
context 3: n't throw up . I 'll feel the symptoms , dry

term: Dr
frequency: 2251
lemmatized_to: dr
context 1: 've read a little about Dr Bastin 's Botox surgery .
context 2: it checked out by a Dr and told its harmless with
context 3: treatment . I had seen Dr Karagama for a consultation costing

term: feels
frequency: 2200
lemmatized_to: feel
context 1: a barf but really it feels like a wave from my
context 2: I have to do what feels like flexing the muscles at
context 3: It 's much louder and feels like the airway is more

term: told
frequency: 2150
lemmatized_to: tell
context 1: doctor as my last doctor told me it was all due
context 2: Bastian on Monday and he told me that because I 'm
context 3: with her on Monday and told her about the noises (

term: 're
frequency: 2143
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: 's almost as if you 're using your stomach to breathe
context 2: worried about the air they 're gon na put in me
context 3: But I 'm sure you 're all similar ! Thanks for

term: 'd
frequency: 2099
lemmatized_to: would
context 1: was a baby but I 'd gurgle occasionally . However ,
context 2: about the noises ( I 'd also had back pain for
context 3: no - burpers . It 'd be great if you could

term: feeling
frequency: 2088
lemmatized_to: feel
context 1: I cant have this without feeling like I m dying :
context 2: learned to either deal with feeling like a balloon , or
context 3: Randomly started feeling this pressure in my throat

term: vomiting
frequency: 2022
lemmatized_to: vomit
context 1: I became extremely afraid of vomiting after a bad flu at
context 2: pain , and difficulty of vomiting . I was desperate to
context 3: have a horrible fear of vomiting , and I 'm so

term: tried
frequency: 1996
lemmatized_to: try
context 1: my chest . I ’ve tried drinking less water , both
context 2: no matter which method I tried . Recently though I switched
context 3: know !! ( i ’ve tried omeprazole , famotidine , pantoprozole

term: seems
frequency: 1995
lemmatized_to: seem
context 1: oatmeal and cereal . Pasta seems to be okay too .
context 2: it . But even that seems like a long shot .
context 3: no obvious cause but it seems to happen either after a

term: That
frequency: 1979
lemmatized_to: that
context 1: to getting them biweekly . That was HUGE for me !
context 2: Ultrasound showed nothing wrong . That ’s a good thing ,
context 3: with an old friend . That day I realised that it

term: They
frequency: 1920
lemmatized_to: they
context 1: 'm burping like crazy . They are n't big but they
context 2: to a year now . They do n't hurt and I
context 3: BUT THE MEDS HELPED ! They were not a fix by

term: He
frequency: 1904
lemmatized_to: he
context 1: symptoms matched my own . He explained that , as Dr.
context 2: for R - CPD . He is experienced with the treatment
context 3: questions in great detail . He wanted to see if I

term: him
frequency: 1885
lemmatized_to: he
context 1: to even explain it to him and it has caused me
context 2: planned to go privately with him but asked if he could
context 3: anyone else planning to see him ; it was really nice

term: ’ll
frequency: 1852
lemmatized_to: will
context 1: should be produced . It ’ll be mini burps at first
context 2: . I ’m guessing I ’ll just wait for a letter
context 3: endometriosis ) . So I ’ll go more into detail abt

term: ENT
frequency: 1798
lemmatized_to: ent
context 1: speak with multiple GI , ENT , Medicine , and Surgical
context 2: for many months and my ENT backs my up to get
context 3: Local ENT UK

term: ’re
frequency: 1797
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: family of belchers and they ’re all incredulous and constantly trying
context 2: I highly recommend if you ’re in the Carolinas .
context 3: you ’ll find that you ’re breathing out more air than

term: drinking
frequency: 1777
lemmatized_to: drink
context 1: so often while eating or drinking . I 'll keep you
context 2: sounding micro- burps particularly after drinking something . Had a tiny
context 3: . I 've also been drinking Ensure because it 's good

term: hours
frequency: 1754
lemmatized_to: hour
context 1: . I 'm currently 48 hours post op . I 'm
context 2: , BC in a few hours . The only cost is
context 3: it takes 24 - 72 hours . Will keep posted .

term: For
frequency: 1723
lemmatized_to: for
context 1: throat feels really weird . For more information about Dr. Bastian
context 2: [ here ] ( http://www.bastianvoice.com) For information about the procedure and
context 3: way earlier this week . For some reason though , I

term: Hi
frequency: 1633
lemmatized_to: hi
context 1: Hi y'all So I really need
context 2: Hi / r/ noburp , I
context 3: Hi guys So I 've struggled

term: coming
frequency: 1629
lemmatized_to: come
context 1: break up that I saw coming , and probably more happened
context 2: when you feel a gurgle coming stick your neck out /
context 3: ca n’t prevent it from coming out my nose . Maybe

term: best
frequency: 1608
lemmatized_to: good
context 1: . But after trying my best to figure out what is
context 2: has been one of the best things to have happened to
context 3: your throat , try your best to keep it relaxed the

term: When
frequency: 1603
lemmatized_to: when
context 1: caused my noburp problems . When I was like 7 years
context 2: this sub ! Hallelujah ! When I know I really really
context 3: own with increasing frequency . When it first started it was

term: Also
frequency: 1585
lemmatized_to: also
context 1: Weird barf ? Also ... what ’s this secret
context 2: cope with our affliction ? Also is there a way to
context 3: - 5 / day . Also I have not at all

term: ’d
frequency: 1579
lemmatized_to: would
context 1: from his office . I ’d really recommend the place to
context 2: with the congestion that you ’d otherwise run into in the
context 3: noburp journey . If you ’d like to read , support

term: took
frequency: 1571
lemmatized_to: take
context 1: down my throat . This took a while to figure out
context 2: using your lungs . This took a lot of time to
context 3: by the fact that they took me seriously from the minute

term: helps
frequency: 1558
lemmatized_to: help
context 1: or while yawning , which helps to get out some of
context 2: me . I hope this helps and I hope you all
context 3: like this but maybe it helps to relax the area where

term: etc
frequency: 1537
lemmatized_to: etc.
context 1: , bloating , nausea , etc . Now , I feel
context 2: satan croaks and the gurgles etc .. Anytime I get close
context 3: biopsy results ( for celiac etc . )

term: Just
frequency: 1525
lemmatized_to: just
context 1: micro - burps . " Just accidental small burps every so
context 2: like a long shot . Just wondering if anyone has had
context 3: boat and all that ! Just curious ... any vegans on

term: helped
frequency: 1516
lemmatized_to: help
context 1: about . Sure enough it helped force the air out .
context 2: . I realized that what helped the air come out was
context 3: Weird / random drug that helped my gurgle !

term: In
frequency: 1494
lemmatized_to: in
context 1: In my 27 years of life
context 2: 's currently stickied here . In a little over two weeks
context 3: I had never burped . In the past 6 months or

term: Thanks
frequency: 1487
lemmatized_to: thanks
context 1: to someone about it . Thanks !
context 2: have this surgery done ? Thanks in advance !
context 3: ) would be great . Thanks !

term: us
frequency: 1487
lemmatized_to: we
context 1: Rainn Wilson is one of us !
context 2: burp really does this to us huh😖 😭
context 3: were any common issues amongst us no - burpers . It

term: effects
frequency: 1464
lemmatized_to: effect
context 1: Side effects of botox procedure
context 2: if there were any side effects experienced from being on TRT
context 3: against Prilosec for bad side effects from long term PPI use

term: No
frequency: 1434
lemmatized_to: no
context 1: close to my ears . No matter what I swallow ,
context 2: No burper in Japan . General
context 3: No burping / chest pressure connected

term: came
frequency: 1420
lemmatized_to: come
context 1: , the only time I came really close was when I
context 2: air out . Although it came out very violently , I
context 3: have no explanation ( gastroscopy came back normal ) . Some

term: burped
frequency: 1412
lemmatized_to: burp
context 1: the times I have accidentally burped my whole life with my
context 2: and have never , NEVER burped . Instead I get the
context 3: find out I have never burped they think I 'm the

term: After
frequency: 1402
lemmatized_to: after
context 1: to force air out . After a couple beers one night
context 2: for the time being . After this experience I felt that
context 3: 4 months . 1 Day After : Throat very sore .

term: wanted
frequency: 1386
lemmatized_to: want
context 1: young , but I just wanted to say I 'm so
context 2: r/ noburp , I just wanted to share my experience with
context 3: , and so I just wanted to share my insider hot

term: others
frequency: 1375
lemmatized_to: other
context 1: stomach bloating as often as others express . So when I
context 2: really like to hear how others cope with these symptoms .
context 3: met . Now to find others like me is just one

term: sounds
frequency: 1366
lemmatized_to: sound
context 1: gag myself . And it sounds like an exorcism . I
context 2: been years doing frog gurgling sounds . I burp extremely rarely
context 3: I do n't have gurgle sounds every second lol . Idk

term: There
frequency: 1363
lemmatized_to: there
context 1: to stay that way . There has been numerous posts on
context 2: succumb to the vomit . There 's about a 50 %
context 3: and to the right . There have been a couple times

term: A
frequency: 1346
lemmatized_to: a
context 1: throat ? DID I HAVE A BREAKTHROUGH ???? :)
context 2: my water at dinner . A lot of this is ranting
context 3: A place to share any tests

term: making
frequency: 1312
lemmatized_to: make
context 1: + years . I 'm making this post to keep you
context 2: small bites of food and making sure it goes down before
context 3: I felt that I was making some progress with my condition

term: wondering
frequency: 1309
lemmatized_to: wonder
context 1: a long shot . Just wondering if anyone has had a
context 2: Just wondering if anyone else gets this
context 3: really overeaten so I 'm wondering if it could be related

term: nt
frequency: 1306
lemmatized_to: not
context 1: whole world . I do nt have any idea how to
context 2: but fuzzy as I do nt Remember that well ) I
context 3: extremely rarely and i do nt even know how i did

term: drinks
frequency: 1298
lemmatized_to: drink
context 1: hate the taste of carbonated drinks anyway . However , about
context 2: I drink beer or fizzy drinks , also stomach cramps and
context 3: If I drink hard alcohol drinks I get a pain in

term: wo
frequency: 1283
lemmatized_to: will
context 1: the time . If it wo n't come out in a
context 2: throat and chest and it wo n't come out . I
context 3: ) . So I probably wo n't seek treatment . But

term: units
frequency: 1278
lemmatized_to: unit
context 1: Today I received 100 units of Botox with local anesthesia
context 2: first time I received 30 units ( awake ) . Second
context 3: do a endoscopy ( 50 units ) The first two times

term: muscles
frequency: 1274
lemmatized_to: muscle
context 1: what feels like flexing the muscles at the bottom of my
context 2: event that made my throat muscles tighter ever since . The
context 3: in my system , my muscles are relaxed ( as is

term: foods
frequency: 1272
lemmatized_to: food
context 1: What foods give you gas or the
context 2: do was avoid obvious gaseous foods such as sodas and I
context 3: sugar I consume . These foods never gave me issues in

term: exercises
frequency: 1259
lemmatized_to: exercise
context 1: Have been doing shaker exercises for a month
context 2: ’ve been doing the shaker exercises for a month and between
context 3: read a bit about the exercises but was wondering if there

term: Do
frequency: 1257
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: leave right after . ) Do they basically pump you full
context 2: their weird chest noises ? Do they count as burps ??
context 3: step of actual surgery . Do I have any option to

term: gets
frequency: 1240
lemmatized_to: get
context 1: in the past when it gets too hard to deal with
context 2: motion from my chest that gets the puke past my gag
context 3: which as you all know gets pretty uncomfortable . I do

term: comes
frequency: 1233
lemmatized_to: come
context 1: dry heave , but nothing comes up . it 's incredibly
context 2: about it . It just comes naturally . It has been
context 3: lot , especially when it comes to running . I 'm

term: heard
frequency: 1227
lemmatized_to: hear
context 1: out the technique I had heard about . Sure enough it
context 2: And as other people have heard me I know I ca
context 3: intriguing . I ’ve never heard of this before

term: She
frequency: 1225
lemmatized_to: she
context 1: knows personally \ ) . She has posed the question of
context 2: just a reflux thing . She also mentioned people who do
context 3: to be a princess . She was being taught how to

term: later
frequency: 1211
lemmatized_to: late
context 1: used this technique several times later , especially during trips to
context 2: half of assertive referral hopping later , I 'll be receiving
context 3: has anyone become a noburper later in life ?

term: taking
frequency: 1198
lemmatized_to: take
context 1: key is eating slowly and taking small bites of food and
context 2: anything , so I started taking iron pills ) and the
context 3: ) , and have been taking it easy . I am

term: As
frequency: 1197
lemmatized_to: as
context 1: As a sufferer of misophonia I
context 2: experience my first mircoburp ! As I said , I will
context 3: a few days out . As of now I just have

term: GI
frequency: 1192
lemmatized_to: gi
context 1: 've been to a few GI doctors . Tbh , I
context 2: out of people 's upper GI tract . So here 's
context 3: recently I 've developed worse GI symptoms due to an eating

term: What
frequency: 1176
lemmatized_to: what
context 1: What foods give you gas or
context 2: Genuinely curious ! What is this and what ’s
context 3: What is it like not being

term: Not
frequency: 1175
lemmatized_to: not
context 1: several times a week . Not sure what happened . I
context 2: rip all the time . Not sure if it 's the
context 3: 'm a little concerned . Not about the gagging etc. ,

term: seen
frequency: 1175
lemmatized_to: see
context 1: for treatment . I had seen Dr Karagama for a consultation
context 2: cost , as I 've seen a few people mention that
context 3: general anesthesia ? I 've seen on the welcome packet that

term: noticed
frequency: 1151
lemmatized_to: notice
context 1: the time , I just noticed I was especially stressed in
context 2: relief . I 've also noticed every once in a great
context 3: really noisily and have since noticed it myself . Where (

term: worked
frequency: 1146
lemmatized_to: work
context 1: that shit . It luckily worked for me , maybe cuz
context 2: the gurgle . This has worked for me 25 % of
context 3: gagging as it ’s never worked for me . The air

term: questions
frequency: 1146
lemmatized_to: question
context 1: wondering if there 's any questions I can ask or paperwork
context 2: and answered all of my questions in great detail . He
context 3: ’m happy to answer any questions in the comments ! UPDATE

term: problems
frequency: 1140
lemmatized_to: problem
context 1: I think caused my noburp problems . When I was like
context 2: the cure works without any problems !
context 3: weird throat and digestive system problems I have from Celiac disease

term: Day
frequency: 1138
lemmatized_to: day
context 1: here ] ( http://laryngopedia.com/inability-to-burp/) ** Day 2** : Having infrequent and
context 2: my moms attention . ** Day 4** : I 'm burping
context 3: it 's working ;) ** Day 7** : The micro -

term: looking
frequency: 1137
lemmatized_to: look
context 1: so glad it 's finally looking like there 's a cure
context 2: I feel like everyone is looking at me I want 2
context 3: should be noted for people looking into getting the treatment in

term: happened
frequency: 1116
lemmatized_to: happen
context 1: coming , and probably more happened but I am blanking .
context 2: week . Not sure what happened . I 'm sorry I
context 3: the best things to have happened to me . I hope

term: tests
frequency: 1102
lemmatized_to: test
context 1: A place to share any tests you 've had , along
context 2: if you could share any tests you 've had that have
context 3: explaining I ’ve had these tests and what my symptoms are

term: minutes
frequency: 1101
lemmatized_to: minute
context 1: course of 20 - 30 minutes will finally provide some relief
context 2: God I left a few minutes early . Got to go
context 3: uncomfortable for 60 - 120 minutes after I ate most anything

term: Does
frequency: 1095
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: Does R - CPD become a
context 2: I still am now . Does anyone know if retrograde cricopharyngeus
context 3: me so much gas . Does anyone else find that these

term: happens
frequency: 1089
lemmatized_to: happen
context 1: . Edit : It still happens all the time , I
context 2: of yuck ) . This happens a little less often than
context 3: 'm immediately relieved once it happens , puke or belch .

term: Thank
frequency: 1082
lemmatized_to: thank
context 1: cope with these symptoms . Thank you .
context 2: I have ever had .. Thank You .
context 3: over my white shirt . Thank God I left a few

term: works
frequency: 1078
lemmatized_to: work
context 1: you guys and the cure works without any problems !
context 2: 's happening . This witchcraft works ! 3 Days After :
context 3: I have a tip that works about 25 % of the

term: needed
frequency: 1060
lemmatized_to: need
context 1: the Botox I have not needed / used the creon !
context 2: times per day , when needed . Sometimes it is really
context 3: I think they might have needed to use more of the

term: Now
frequency: 1023
lemmatized_to: now
context 1: beginning when it started . Now , even when I feel
context 2: , nausea , etc . Now , I feel it at
context 3: they 've ever met . Now to find others like me

term: experienced
frequency: 1016
lemmatized_to: experience
context 1: other . Has anyone else experienced this ? People that have
context 2: - is something you formerly experienced and no longer ?
context 3: gas out . Anyone else experienced this so soon after Botox

term: working
frequency: 1013
lemmatized_to: work
context 1: . I think it 's working ;) ** Day 7** :
context 2: -- so it 's definitely working ! ** Day 13 **
context 3: me into eating better and working out six days a week

term: Is
frequency: 992
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: it tightens up again . Is this a known issue ?
context 2: Is this connected or just a
context 3: ’s happening in December ! Is there anyone who has gone

term: hiccups
frequency: 985
lemmatized_to: hiccup
context 1: and started to get painful hiccups . I decided to go
context 2: with . The painful ass hiccups happen every once in a
context 3: diaphragm , all of my hiccups are like half - burps

term: However
frequency: 970
lemmatized_to: however
context 1: I 'd gurgle occasionally . However , just 6 weeks ago
context 2: vomit more than once . However because of the phobia of
context 3: of carbonated drinks anyway . However , about two years ago

term: How
frequency: 954
lemmatized_to: how
context 1: How many times you " gurgle
context 2: fingers down my throat . How does that relieve painful gas
context 3: else experience uncontrolled burps ? How long did it take to

term: trapped
frequency: 954
lemmatized_to: trap
context 1: , also stomach cramps and trapped wind , the lot .
context 2: Like there ’s “ air trapped ” . Everyone thought I
context 3: such bad stomach issues of trapped gas etc too ! So

term: caused
frequency: 948
lemmatized_to: cause
context 1: to him and it has caused me to not date people
context 2: to share what I think caused my noburp problems . When
context 3: . I feel like that caused some sort psychological event that

term: results
frequency: 946
lemmatized_to: result
context 1: 've had , along with results / diagnoses
context 2: emptying study and endoscopy biopsy results ( for celiac etc .
context 3: to update you with the results once we start analyzing the

term: We
frequency: 939
lemmatized_to: we
context 1: We made a survey
context 2: responses from 190 people . We were n't anticipating such a
context 3: we are so grateful ! We will be closing down the

term: friends
frequency: 935
lemmatized_to: friend
context 1: alone . Most of my friends and family know this about
context 2: with carbonated beverages . Well friends , today I feel complete
context 3: Hi , friends . I 'm making progress

term: microburps
frequency: 935
lemmatized_to: microburp
context 1: This causes a series of microburps . I 'm sure this
context 2: burping though ! Still mostly microburps , but many come out
context 3: like a machine gun of microburps . I ’ve also been

term: goes
frequency: 934
lemmatized_to: go
context 1: food and making sure it goes down before swallowing any more
context 2: . Once the swallowing problem goes away I 'll be happy
context 3: debilitating and the acid reflux goes crazy . Spitting out the

term: Then
frequency: 928
lemmatized_to: then
context 1: audible ‘ huh’ sound . Then , do it again but
context 2: notice it getting tight . Then all you have to do
context 3: to further extend it . Then stick your chin out and

term: called
frequency: 918
lemmatized_to: call
context 1: in my throat so they called for a barium swallow scan
context 2: the gurgling ( I always called them frog noises ) and
context 3: with something . It ’s called famotidine , I guess you

term: patients
frequency: 918
lemmatized_to: patient
context 1: and feeling uncomfortable about other patients requesting their curtains closed (
context 2: in the 20 % of patients who need another injection ?
context 3: said he has had other patients with it before ! He

term: asked
frequency: 911
lemmatized_to: ask
context 1: burp . Friends have also asked me “ what do you
context 2: go privately with him but asked if he could send a
context 3: I mentioned ( after he asked whether I use antacids )

term: longer
frequency: 903
lemmatized_to: long
context 1: you formerly experienced and no longer ?
context 2: this sub , I no longer feel alone !
context 3: I am no longer a no -burper , but

term: diagnosed
frequency: 898
lemmatized_to: diagnose
context 1: in the past and was diagnosed with acid reflux — looks
context 2: I was ( wrongly ) diagnosed with Endocrine Pancreatic Insuficiency (
context 3: your food . I was diagnosed with this by a well

term: Hey
frequency: 892
lemmatized_to: hey
context 1: Hey guys , I 've been
context 2: Hey everyone . I am finally
context 3: Hey guys , I have a

term: gotten
frequency: 876
lemmatized_to: get
context 1: The only way I ’ve gotten air out from the “
context 2: burp . If you have gotten botox while awake could you
context 3: over two weeks we 've gotten responses from 190 people .

term: talking
frequency: 865
lemmatized_to: talk
context 1: I do n't see anyone talking about that though and it
context 2: such as when I 'm talking to friends , the croak
context 3: knew exactly what I was talking about with noburp . Timeline

term: GERD
frequency: 859
lemmatized_to: gerd
context 1: I also have IBS and GERD / acid reflux issues ,
context 2: Silent GERD
context 3: Relation between GERD and R_CPD

term: worst
frequency: 856
lemmatized_to: bad
context 1: and really , just the worst feeling , because there 's
context 2: 's no relief . The worst was when I had food
context 3: think this might be the worst of all the noburp symptoms

term: thinking
frequency: 855
lemmatized_to: think
context 1: ? The reason I 'm thinking this is because of this
context 2: was sitting in my office thinking about this subreddit and realized
context 3: his sentences . I 'm thinking typical people without R -

term: gave
frequency: 854
lemmatized_to: give
context 1: consume . These foods never gave me issues in my youth
context 2: the new year , I gave up all animal products .
context 3: animal products . I also gave up diet coke , and

term: knew
frequency: 851
lemmatized_to: know
context 1: . ) My mother never knew why she could not burp
context 2: No specific trigger that I knew off , but it ’s
context 3: minute I walked in and knew exactly what I was talking

term: guys
frequency: 849
lemmatized_to: guy
context 1: Hey guys , I 've been a
context 2: this post to keep you guys updated on my progress and
context 3: . I 'll keep you guys updated . My throat feels

term: noises
frequency: 848
lemmatized_to: noise
context 1: been dealing with the croaking noises for about six months to
context 2: and told her about the noises ( I 'd also had
context 3: just make “ throat ” noises . Especially after meals and

term: Yes
frequency: 841
lemmatized_to: yes
context 1: Yes lads and ladies , So
context 2: I 'm really annoyed ! Yes I 've had it all
context 3: And he responds with : Yes of course I have done

term: Has
frequency: 837
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: Has anyone had Linx surgery ?
context 2: changed suddenly for me . Has anyone ever had this ?
context 3: are in fact related . Has anyone else had any experience

term: Any
frequency: 835
lemmatized_to: any
context 1: take to control them ? Any tips that you learned ?
context 2: TW / eating disorders - Any former bulimics ?
context 3: a never ending cycle . Any suggestions ? I ’m desperate

term: hoping
frequency: 834
lemmatized_to: hope
context 1: you learned ? I 'm hoping I do n't have to
context 2: to make myself throw up hoping that would help . To
context 3: suggestions ? I 'm really hoping I wo n't have to

term: mentioned
frequency: 829
lemmatized_to: mention
context 1: possibly suspecting … ” I mentioned is because of what happened
context 2: way . With nothing being mentioned about these additional charges by
context 3: Marshall Smith that has been mentioned here before . I think

term: UES
frequency: 820
lemmatized_to: ues
context 1: do it correctly . But UES discomfort does n't trigger a
context 2: worse initially ( because the UES is a last line of
context 3: which revealed egjoo and hypertensive UES but the docs think there

term: easier
frequency: 809
lemmatized_to: easy
context 1: though it 's so much easier said than done , paying
context 2: thing because it ’s much easier to lie flat on my
context 3: years I had a new easier CURE , I could always

term: learned
frequency: 800
lemmatized_to: learn
context 1: beer . Mostly I 've learned to either deal with feeling
context 2: ? Any tips that you learned ? I 'm hoping I
context 3: Then I gave up and learned to deal with the condition

term: At
frequency: 794
lemmatized_to: at
context 1: family can hear them . At first it was funny to
context 2: that is not pleasant . At one point it felt almost
context 3: botox injection for me . At this point , I could

term: treated
frequency: 792
lemmatized_to: treat
context 1: hematologist . Until I am treated / cured or WHATEVER she
context 2: have my issues accepted and treated instead of the usual Noburp
context 3: , GERD . GERD is treated with PPI ’s Proton Pump

term: Like
frequency: 791
lemmatized_to: like
context 1: is unexplainable to anyone . Like there ’s “ air trapped
context 2: was also very involuntary . Like , I would move my
context 3: , and I burped . Like a significant one . I

term: Did
frequency: 781
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: think it is gross . Did anyone else experience uncontrolled burps
context 2: and Hashimoto 's hypothyroidism ! Did n't know it was its
context 3: it was a fluke . Did n't happen again though through

term: causes
frequency: 775
lemmatized_to: cause
context 1: in case anyone is researching causes .
context 2: speak , even if it causes bloating and abdominal pain until
context 3: much as possible . This causes a series of microburps .

term: lower
frequency: 772
lemmatized_to: low
context 1: period . I have taken lower dosages of somac in intervals
context 2: or pulled ” in his lower chest / upper belly .
context 3: pressure / discomfort in his lower chest / upper abdomen area

term: throwing
frequency: 765
lemmatized_to: throw
context 1: more than one cup without throwing up . Again , not
context 2: he takes . But just throwing that information out there in
context 3: life - well , without throwing up , that is .

term: lots
frequency: 762
lemmatized_to: lot
context 1: to be chased down with lots of water . But this
context 2: a result , I swallow lots of air . BUT now
context 3: nose so there will be lots of gagging ?

term: Good
frequency: 748
lemmatized_to: good
context 1: Good morning ! I wanted to
context 2: benefit from the injections . Good track record , I 'd
context 3: avoided all this illness . Good luck everyone - I ’m

term: saw
frequency: 745
lemmatized_to: see
context 1: imminent break up that I saw coming , and probably more
context 2: you OK ” if they saw me lying down in an
context 3: a lifesaver ) . I saw some people say they learned

term: na
frequency: 740
lemmatized_to: to
context 1: you get when you wan na burp , but like everyone
context 2: the air they 're gon na put in me ! Anyone
context 3: felt like I was gon na pass out and did n’t

term: starting
frequency: 735
lemmatized_to: start
context 1: possibly suspecting the rcpd symptoms starting Saturday were bc I was
context 2: process , and I 'm starting to worry it 's not
context 3: of coughing . I 'm starting to wonder if I actually

term: reading
frequency: 731
lemmatized_to: read
context 1: about a year ago and reading up on cricoid massages and
context 2: few months afterwards , but reading everyone 's posts it seems
context 3: all similar ! Thanks for reading .

term: All
frequency: 719
lemmatized_to: all
context 1: me home soon after . All in all , I was
context 2: ( Long text incoming ) All happened within the last week
context 3: a few tequila shots . All this resulted in me getting

term: Anyone
frequency: 718
lemmatized_to: anyone
context 1: a VERY sore throat 😬 Anyone here experience the same thing
context 2: food poisoning . UGH . Anyone else ?
context 3: na put in me ! Anyone had one ?

term: causing
frequency: 709
lemmatized_to: cause
context 1: to figure out what is causing it , I realized that
context 2: one day it ruptured , causing the worst chest pain I
context 3: if there are multiple conditions causing this side effect ?

term: experiences
frequency: 707
lemmatized_to: experience
context 1: so open to sharing their experiences . I aim to do
context 2: * ly what are others experiences ?
context 3: honest with me of your experiences , but also please do

term: &#x200B
frequency: 701
lemmatized_to: &#x200b
context 1: to take the leap . &#x200B ; I would love to
context 2: it done are progressing . &#x200B ; I look forward to
context 3: who has this issue . &#x200B ; I have n't been

term: gurgling
frequency: 700
lemmatized_to: gurgle
context 1: ( I think I was gurgling constantly by Wednesday ) ,
context 2: the gurgling and rumbling is so bad
context 3: wondering does anyone experience air gurgling up in their throat while

term: posts
frequency: 700
lemmatized_to: post
context 1: . There has been numerous posts on here which say about
context 2: , but reading everyone 's posts it seems like they still
context 3: are like 1000 of these posts , but I finally found

term: Maybe
frequency: 697
lemmatized_to: maybe
context 1: due to our disorder . Maybe with the participation of this
context 2: coming out my nose . Maybe the muscle in our throats
context 3: my entire cognitive life . Maybe in a separate post ,

term: ones
frequency: 693
lemmatized_to: one
context 1: I am burping :) Small ones . I have no control
context 2: hospital were actually the first ones to document this back in
context 3: ( maybe a few small ones here and there ) and

term: mine
frequency: 692
lemmatized_to: my
context 1: night at his place or mine where im going to have
context 2: to swallow almost silently , mine are really loud . And
context 3: 's always an anxiety of mine that they 're going to

term: GP
frequency: 691
lemmatized_to: gp
context 1: A positive NHS GP appointment !
context 2: got back from seeing my GP . Went a lot more
context 3: about the issue , my GP was receptive and understood that

term: Sometimes
frequency: 683
lemmatized_to: sometimes
context 1: make it happen now . Sometimes , randomly and blessedly ,
context 2: day , when needed . Sometimes it is really effective and
context 3: things are still normalizing . Sometimes when I burp a big

term: meals
frequency: 673
lemmatized_to: meal
context 1: ” noises . Especially after meals and if I lay down
context 2: and only when eating big meals . I feel so at
context 3: myself to release air after meals . I have read that

term: IBS
frequency: 667
lemmatized_to: ibs
context 1: since . I also have IBS and GERD / acid reflux
context 2: it 's connected to my IBS in a way ? Who
context 3: Anyone else have IBS ?

term: ate
frequency: 662
lemmatized_to: eat
context 1: - 120 minutes after I ate most anything . It takes
context 2: to NYC , and I ate / drank a bunch of
context 3: burps . After appt I ate a sandwich that had gluten

term: happening
frequency: 653
lemmatized_to: happen
context 1: micro - burps are still happening although I suspect they are
context 2: control . But it 's happening . This witchcraft works !
context 3: / singing frog eviction is happening in a week and a

term: using
frequency: 650
lemmatized_to: use
context 1: almost as if you 're using your stomach to breathe out
context 2: to breathe out instead of using your lungs . This took
context 3: I think regularly using the forced burping ( i.e.

term: takes
frequency: 647
lemmatized_to: take
context 1: disease or the meds he takes . But just throwing that
context 2: in yet , as it takes 24 - 72 hours .
context 3: makes me feel sick and takes away any appetite I might

term: decided
frequency: 645
lemmatized_to: decide
context 1: get painful hiccups . I decided to go to the bathroom
context 2: progress with my condition and decided to keep trying to figure
context 3: , and why I ultimately decided to spend the last 48

term: stopped
frequency: 640
lemmatized_to: stop
context 1: an embarrassing problem . I stopped drinking soda , cut out
context 2: sometimes almost vomit so i stopped it . Now im 17
context 3: was extremely nauseous . I stopped eating and told my mom

term: seeing
frequency: 638
lemmatized_to: see
context 1: I 'm also planning on seeing a new doctor as my
context 2: Just got back from seeing my GP . Went a
context 3: heard of this subreddit after seeing a reply to one of

term: m
frequency: 634
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: this without feeling like I m dying : Alcohol , particularly
context 2: , took 5 - 10 m in of me coughing and
context 3: Hello I m whoooodie and I ca n't

term: saying
frequency: 625
lemmatized_to: say
context 1: the post from my GP saying he has referred me !!
context 2: to . He was also saying Froedert hospital were actually the
context 3: want to start off by saying I ca n’t believe this

term: Some
frequency: 618
lemmatized_to: some
context 1: there 's no tomorrow . Some questions ( and maybe I
context 2: came back normal ) . Some suggested it might be a
context 3: and it is silent . Some people gain their weight back

term: Hello
frequency: 615
lemmatized_to: hello
context 1: Hello NoBurps !
context 2: Hello all - I 've never
context 3: This is crazy ! Hello fellow noburpers ! I could

term: ’
frequency: 613
lemmatized_to: '
context 1: make the inaudible ‘ huh ’ . Keep switching between an
context 2: audible and whispering ‘ huh ’ sound until you can feel
context 3: Keep whispering the ‘ huh ’ sound if you notice it

term: changed
frequency: 603
lemmatized_to: change
context 1: other day . Nothing has changed in my diet , really
context 2: ! My diet has n’t changed either so I have no
context 3: I have no idea what changed suddenly for me . Has

term: Karagama
frequency: 603
lemmatized_to: karagama
context 1: armed with information from Dr. Karagama ’s clinic ( an email
context 2: explained that , as Dr. Karagama is based in a different
context 3: to refer me to Dr. Karagama , as my NHS locality

term: One
frequency: 601
lemmatized_to: one
context 1: drink it too fast . One day I did n't pay
context 2: really hold their alcohol . One guy immediately vomited . I
context 3: wedding halls and shit . One day we went to a

term: scheduled
frequency: 598
lemmatized_to: schedule
context 1: I found a doctor and scheduled an appointment with her on
context 2: found out the surgery was scheduled for 1215 . I get
context 3: . Now , I am scheduled for Hiatal Hernia Surgery for

term: Have
frequency: 597
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: you burp at all ? Have you ever ? I do
context 2: Have any Aussies found anybody that
context 3: Have been doing shaker exercises for

term: ‘
frequency: 594
lemmatized_to: '
context 1: First , make an audible ‘ huh’ sound . Then ,
context 2: sound , just make the ‘ huh’ motion with your throat
context 3: when you make the inaudible ‘ huh ’ . Keep switching

term: gone
frequency: 594
lemmatized_to: gone
context 1: micro - burps are almost gone completely . I 'm burping
context 2: Is there anyone who has gone through the surgery ( botox
context 3: the croak seems to be gone . It 's only when

term: discovered
frequency: 590
lemmatized_to: discover
context 1: I 've just discovered this is a thing .
context 2: . This is when I discovered I was able to control
context 3: Just discovered this thread and looking for

term: Hicklin
frequency: 585
lemmatized_to: hicklin
context 1: booked an appointment with Lucy Hicklin for the Botox procedure on
context 2: Warning About Treatment with Lucy Hicklin for R- CPD
context 3: - CPD with Ms Lucy Hicklin at Parkside Hospital a few

term: known
frequency: 578
lemmatized_to: know
context 1: this was a well - known thing , and also does
context 2: no idea it was a known phenomenon . I assume we
context 3: again . Is this a known issue ?

term: Chicago
frequency: 578
lemmatized_to: chicago
context 1: flew with my wife to Chicago on Monday night , had
context 2: easily afford to go to Chicago , but it makes more
context 3: to see Dr. Bastian in Chicago \( traveling from Canada\ )

term: covered
frequency: 574
lemmatized_to: cover
context 1: , which my work benefits covered . I feel very grateful
context 2: on pre-existing conditions not being covered ? I 'm keen to
context 3: floor w my ass out covered in nr 2 . After

term: cured
frequency: 572
lemmatized_to: cure
context 1: Until I am treated / cured or WHATEVER she is not
context 2: watching " Neck exercise that cured my inability to burp "
context 3: video by a man who cured himself without botox . [

term: Or
frequency: 571
lemmatized_to: or
context 1: whole hospital will hear :( Or does the air come out
context 2: they count as burps ?? Or is this the same camp
context 3: let the air out ! Or if there ’s a safe

term: sitting
frequency: 568
lemmatized_to: sit
context 1: kinda gross but I was sitting in my office thinking about
context 2: . Taking deep breaths while sitting / standing up perfectly straight
context 3: is nothing more embarrassing than sitting in my rather small ,

term: Lucy
frequency: 563
lemmatized_to: lucy
context 1: finally booked an appointment with Lucy Hicklin for the Botox procedure
context 2: Potential Warning About Treatment with Lucy Hicklin for R- CPD
context 3: R - CPD with Ms Lucy Hicklin at Parkside Hospital a

term: ended
frequency: 550
lemmatized_to: end
context 1: and almost puked but just ended up dry heaving like crazy
context 2: seriously violent stomach bug and ended up projectile vomiting all over
context 3: I felt nauseous , I ended up vomiting air , lots

term: knows
frequency: 550
lemmatized_to: know
context 1: maybe no connection ? who knows . but it is nice
context 2: in a way ? Who knows ? I know I sure
context 3: Bastian \( a doctor she knows personally \ ) . She

term: says
frequency: 540
lemmatized_to: say
context 1: heartbeats with digestion , it says you can get a build
context 2: for her , and she says she has been trying to
context 3: upper abdomen area . He says he feels unable to stand

term: given
frequency: 540
lemmatized_to: give
context 1: with their insurance companies , given the usual restrictions on pre-existing
context 2: invoice without looking into it given the lack of information on
context 3: something I had n't really given much thought before finding this

term: UK
frequency: 535
lemmatized_to: uk
context 1: ! I live in the UK , and here we do
context 2: UK treatment insurance
context 3: Question for any UK based people that have had

term: Since
frequency: 535
lemmatized_to: since
context 1: drink La Croix now . Since this time , I have
context 2: burps every few months . Since stating the exercise I 've
context 3: getting less gas ! P.S. Since getting the Botox I have

term: bubbles
frequency: 531
lemmatized_to: bubble
context 1: the typical bloating or throat bubbles that seem common to most
context 2: . So I just avoided bubbles and it was ok until
context 3: does anyone else get the bubbles coming up thru their stomach

term: tips
frequency: 529
lemmatized_to: tip
context 1: sucks . What are some tips and tricks you nonburpers use
context 2: I have a tips ( Shaker / Neck Position
context 3: wondering if there 's any tips you might have in making

term: gag
frequency: 527
lemmatized_to: gag
context 1: gets the puke past my gag reflex and out pretty violently
context 2: come out was making myself gag to the point where I
context 3: and try to stimulate my gag reflex a little bit .

term: drank
frequency: 526
lemmatized_to: drink
context 1: really close was when I drank a lot and almost puked
context 2: and eggs , have n't drank alcohol , etc. since Monday
context 3: , and I ate / drank a bunch of water just

term: seemed
frequency: 509
lemmatized_to: seem
context 1: the hypnotherapy ) . Nothing seemed to change though . I
context 2: throat as relaxed as possible seemed to help a lot .
context 3: shows up on time it seemed like a long time to

term: s
frequency: 504
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: barely let out , it s not painful or anything which
context 2: There s so many of us !
context 3: in the chest ? It s so hard to describe and

term: Yeah
frequency: 504
lemmatized_to: yeah
context 1: if I ’m alright 🙄. Yeah I ’m fine bruh just
context 2: Yeah so as title says I
context 3: happened numerous times ) . Yeah , I passed it off

term: experiencing
frequency: 501
lemmatized_to: experience
context 1: Currently experiencing the loudest frog noises in
context 2: . I ’m fortunately not experiencing any nausea or other discomfort
context 3: After high school I started experiencing a lot of gas pains

term: Even
frequency: 501
lemmatized_to: even
context 1: out will ever work . Even when I 'm able to
context 2: become a lifelong habit . Even though I 've never been
context 3: really traumatic for me . Even now at age 27 I

term: Can
frequency: 500
lemmatized_to: can
context 1: ’m capable of it . Can you burp at all ?
context 2: ca n't get up . Can anyone relate ?
context 3: new one is necessary . Can anyone who has had botox

term: lost
frequency: 499
lemmatized_to: lose
context 1: pain disappeared . ETA : lost 2kg that weekend Now idk
context 2: ever did , and I lost 115 pounds . The CURE
context 3: I just found my long lost family !

term: fingers
frequency: 498
lemmatized_to: finger
context 1: can bear to put my fingers down my throat . How
context 2: my whole life with my fingers . IT SUCKS , as
context 3: of you would stick your fingers down your throat to force

term: finding
frequency: 498
lemmatized_to: find
context 1: medical professionals . I 'm finding this situation is growing worse
context 2: to express my joy at finding you all .
context 3: around ” . So after finding out that it was bad

term: looked
frequency: 497
lemmatized_to: look
context 1: the numbing spray . They looked at my CP muscle while
context 2: the first aid room being looked after by a compassionless teacher
context 3: noburper : - Doctors have looked at me befuddled or have

term: woke
frequency: 496
lemmatized_to: wake
context 1: the good news : I woke up , immediately chugged water
context 2: so that helped . I woke up blowing my nose more
context 3: mid sentence . When I woke up , I had a

term: To
frequency: 491
lemmatized_to: to
context 1: so no one notices . To get any gas out at
context 2: I was alone here . To be quite honest I 'm
context 3: was its own thing . To be honest , it has

term: taken
frequency: 488
lemmatized_to: take
context 1: be quite honest I 'm taken aback that I 'm not
context 2: problems with , I 've taken some Rennie Deflatine , nothing
context 3: this period . I have taken lower dosages of somac in

term: realized
frequency: 487
lemmatized_to: realize
context 1: is causing it , I realized that there is a correlation
context 2: beer more often that I realized that that one technique to
context 3: to the bars . I realized that what helped the air

term: Anyway
frequency: 483
lemmatized_to: anyway
context 1: but I am blanking . Anyway , I was really stressed
context 2: always a good idea ) Anyway , this has led to
context 3: I ’m very excited . Anyway , here is the story

term: gon
frequency: 481
lemmatized_to: go
context 1: about the air they 're gon na put in me !
context 2: I felt like I was gon na pass out and did
context 3: I felt like I was gon na puke so I stood

term: pushing
frequency: 477
lemmatized_to: push
context 1: rumbling is so bad its pushing my mental health so far
context 2: flaccid and lacks the " pushing " motion in a normal
context 3: increased when it comes to pushing them out on command .

term: posted
frequency: 477
lemmatized_to: post
context 1: I 've never posted on Reddit before , but
context 2: I will keep you all posted . Let 's move this
context 3: 72 hours . Will keep posted . 8 PM - WHOA

term: choking
frequency: 473
lemmatized_to: choke
context 1: point it felt almost like choking . Eating is also not
context 2: even sense that you are choking . But I found that
context 3: which can create a brief choking effect , make a lot

term: based
frequency: 472
lemmatized_to: base
context 1: , as Dr. Karagama is based in a different NHS locality
context 2: Question for any UK based people that have had treatment
context 3: choose what I wear out based on how much it will

term: suffering
frequency: 471
lemmatized_to: suffer
context 1: started micro burping | am suffering even more now | help
context 2: got home and was just suffering from period pains . That
context 3: UK . I have been suffering with the inability to burp

term: figured
frequency: 469
lemmatized_to: figure
context 1: these sort of posts and figured it might help someone .
context 2: just received a letter and figured it would be important to
context 3: but the other day I figured out how to make a

term: NHS
frequency: 466
lemmatized_to: nhs
context 1: A positive NHS GP appointment !
context 2: perform the procedure on the NHS and a print out of
context 3: is based in a different NHS locality , my GP would

term: learning
frequency: 466
lemmatized_to: learn
context 1: 'm not Japanese , still learning the language , but have
context 2: ! I look forward to learning from this sub , and
context 3: dog . My hope of learning to burp after Sleeve surgery

term: waiting
frequency: 464
lemmatized_to: waiting
context 1: put on the 12 month waiting list to have the procedure
context 2: now , I ’ve been waiting since march to get my
context 3: I just keep drinking water waiting for more to come out

term: im
frequency: 462
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: his place or mine where im going to have to do
context 2: that and its loud and im more embarrassed by it than
context 3: and i m so thankful im not the only one who

term: referred
frequency: 454
lemmatized_to: refer
context 1: my GP saying he has referred me !! This was a
context 2: on my lung , medically referred to as a bleb .
context 3: a misaligned esophagus , commonly referred to as gerd ( gastrointestinal

term: left
frequency: 453
lemmatized_to: leave
context 1: shirt . Thank God I left a few minutes early .
context 2: I left a job recently due to
context 3: only had the rcpd pains left . That day I only

term: following
frequency: 450
lemmatized_to: follow
context 1: , but I 've been following this subreddit for quite some
context 2: horrific expelling of gas , following almost immediately by the contents
context 3: they had a cancellation the following morning . I am fortunate

term: Still
frequency: 450
lemmatized_to: still
context 1: and managing with Tylenol . Still swallowing and non-burping / having
context 2: I am burping though ! Still mostly microburps , but many
context 3: . 3 days later : Still going strong on releasing air

term: burpers
frequency: 447
lemmatized_to: burper
context 1: is it really among no burpers ?
context 2: issues amongst us no - burpers . It 'd be great
context 3: all of us no - burpers ? I live in New

term: Had
frequency: 445
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: Had my botox treatment yesterday and
context 2: particularly after drinking something . Had a tiny , real burp
context 3: to look at colleges . Had 1 . Period pains 2

term: harder
frequency: 445
lemmatized_to: hard
context 1: Throat very sore . Swallowing harder food is challenging . Botox
context 2: is that it makes singing harder ; I like to sing
context 3: and it is a little harder to swallow now . What

term: means
frequency: 443
lemmatized_to: mean
context 1: healing . And more gas means more croaks . :( I
context 2: EPI ) . What this means is that your body does
context 3: not a fix by any means , but I went from

term: struggling
frequency: 437
lemmatized_to: struggle
context 1: 20 . I had been struggling with the croaks , chest
context 2: this helps anyone out there struggling x Edit : A page
context 3: Botox 2 months now struggling to burp

term: Please
frequency: 436
lemmatized_to: please
context 1: Please add Minneapolis St Paul Doctor
context 2: that you can share ? Please be honest with me of
context 3: being able to burp . Please do n't kick me out

term: laying
frequency: 431
lemmatized_to: lay
context 1: air out ) , and laying down while trying to force
context 2: stop this would be by laying down for over an hour
context 3: could n't . I was laying on the floor and trying

term: stories
frequency: 429
lemmatized_to: story
context 1: read through other folks ' stories here . Pleasure to meet
context 2: am so uplifted by the stories of those who deal with
context 3: relieving to read all your stories and know I 'm not

term: kept
frequency: 427
lemmatized_to: keep
context 1: like everyone else . I kept making myself burp after pretty
context 2: the reflux , it just kept me up . I stayed
context 3: was falling asleep . I kept opening my eyes to see

term: moving
frequency: 427
lemmatized_to: move
context 1: super desperate . I 'm moving countries in September and I
context 2: close for comfort to my moving date and I ca n't
context 3: deemed experimental ? I ’m moving forward either way but feel

term: LES
frequency: 424
lemmatized_to: les
context 1: about the condition of my LES and esophageal lining . As
context 2: normal and my diagnosed weakened LES and esophogitis solves itself .
context 3: cause my throat muscles / LES to behave differently , so

term: injections
frequency: 423
lemmatized_to: injection
context 1: had no benefit from the injections . Good track record ,
context 2: in my throat from the injections , but that 's no
context 3: through the surgery ( botox injections ) that have any tips

term: managed
frequency: 418
lemmatized_to: manage
context 1: with you ! I 've managed to burp intentionally for the
context 2: n't an accident , I managed to burp this way 2
context 3: issue . Day 8 : managed to have maybe 4 or

term: pains
frequency: 417
lemmatized_to: pain
context 1: was just suffering from period pains . That sandwich was basically
context 2: . Had 1 . Period pains 2 . Endometriosis pains 3
context 3: Period pains 2 . Endometriosis pains 3 . Combination of anxiety

term: Here
frequency: 415
lemmatized_to: here
context 1: New Here , I 'm Genuinely Amazed
context 2: botox ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/7840x9/i_just_read_some_horrible_reviews_about_bastian/dqh1dn1/). [ Here 's a successful report ]
context 3: report ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/66aw07/urubikants_5_month_update_following_dr_bastians/). [ Here 's a Q &A ]

term: Oh
frequency: 413
lemmatized_to: oh
context 1: Oh my goodness . I know
context 2: it come out . " Oh thanks I did n't try
context 3: of the air out . Oh , and my hiccups hurt

term: Sorry
frequency: 411
lemmatized_to: sorry
context 1: the ability to burp ! Sorry if any of this does
context 2: Say Misery Loves Company , Sorry You All are My Company
context 3: I ’m sorry ) . Sorry for the formatting , typo

term: changing
frequency: 403
lemmatized_to: change
context 1: 's worth it and life changing . The next thing I
context 2: nothing short of life - changing so far , I have
context 3: procedure that is apparently life changing . I do n’t have

term: On
frequency: 402
lemmatized_to: on
context 1: I went to work . On the way to work I
context 2: if I really try . On very rare occasions if I
context 3: shaker exercise ] ( https://youtu.be/uf6HuMiv1AU). On top of the minute of

term: needs
frequency: 401
lemmatized_to: need
context 1: the area where the burp needs to escape from ) and
context 2: stuck in the throat and needs to be chased down with
context 3: gag - belch but if needs must ...

term: considering
frequency: 398
lemmatized_to: consider
context 1: Anyone who is considering paying the almost £ 5000
context 2: In all honesty I am considering it myself . I have
context 3: next week and I am considering trying to cut dairy out

term: became
frequency: 396
lemmatized_to: become
context 1: 6 weeks ago , it became a HUGE problem where my
context 2: teach me ) but I became extremely afraid of vomiting after
context 3: induced burping method since I became of drinking age , and

term: seconds
frequency: 396
lemmatized_to: second
context 1: my throat gurgles every 5 seconds and its concerning ( many
context 2: better ... for like 10 seconds at a time . "
context 3: it happens about every 15 seconds all day . I feel

term: spent
frequency: 396
lemmatized_to: spend
context 1: meal ) . I 've spent many , many hours this
context 2: busy at work so I spent hours vomiting in the first
context 3: days ago . I have spent my entire life as a

term: turning
frequency: 393
lemmatized_to: turn
context 1: twice . Both times involved turning my head to look at
context 2: what the doc said about turning my head and coughing to
context 3: after the surgery was by turning her head to the side

term: sent
frequency: 393
lemmatized_to: send
context 1: candidate for the procedure and sent me home after that .
context 2: / 10 ) . They sent me home soon after .
context 3: , I have now been sent an invoice for just over

term: including
frequency: 393
lemmatized_to: include
context 1: had a few side effects including some soreness at the injection
context 2: cash for Dr Bastian ( including flight and hotel ) so
context 3: give all my personal info including sensitive info for a background

term: First
frequency: 389
lemmatized_to: first
context 1: First off , I 'm 27
context 2: how I did it . First , make an audible ‘
context 3: [ Update ] First Canadian botox surgery - today

term: higher
frequency: 384
lemmatized_to: high
context 1: relatively calm throat gurgles and higher than average farts . Pretty
context 2: received a bill which was higher than expected from Parkside which
context 3: croaks / movement of air higher up in the throat than

term: dealing
frequency: 380
lemmatized_to: deal
context 1: I 've been dealing with the croaking noises for
context 2: After years of dealing with the discomfort and embarrassment
context 3: frustrated that I 've been dealing with this for over 20

term: wears
frequency: 380
lemmatized_to: wear
context 1: how to burp as it wears off . You 'll get
context 2: from now when the Botox wears off . Before I go
context 3: to normal when the Botox wears off , but if you

term: meds
frequency: 378
lemmatized_to: med
context 1: 's the disease or the meds he takes . But just
context 2: ’ve bought a packet of meds containing simeticone to see if
context 3: others tried simeticone or other meds to reduce gas ? Has

term: Once
frequency: 375
lemmatized_to: once
context 1: soda without getting bloated . Once the swallowing problem goes away
context 2: throat ( whispering ) . Once you ’ve relaxed your throat
context 3: sometimes it 's unbearable . Once in a while I 'll

term: asking
frequency: 372
lemmatized_to: ask
context 1: I could say I was asking for a friend :( Super
context 2: I have n't even considered asking my doctor . I guess
context 3: to my feet . After asking them to check exactly what

term: –
frequency: 370
lemmatized_to: -
context 1: 5 and again at 10 – I did n’t vomit again
context 2: great !! Burping a ton – now really big belches .
context 3: the other doctors . First – I initially went to Dr.

term: SO
frequency: 367
lemmatized_to: so
context 1: the data . Thank you SO much for your support and
context 2: ) but I would be SO GRATEFUL for any other doctor
context 3: this sub and I am SO HAPPY . I have never

term: lying
frequency: 367
lemmatized_to: lie
context 1: help . Of course , lying on your back for extended
context 2: ” if they saw me lying down in an odd place
context 3: . Usually when I am lying down . I am so

term: Well
frequency: 366
lemmatized_to: well
context 1: life with carbonated beverages . Well friends , today I feel
context 2: Well , like many people I
context 3: can help air escape . Well I just tried it ,

term: Most
frequency: 362
lemmatized_to: most
context 1: I 'm not alone . Most of my friends and family
context 2: “ THE CURE ” . Most people on this forum call
context 3: city for the Botox . Most of the procedure should be

term: giving
frequency: 361
lemmatized_to: give
context 1: 24 hour motility test before giving me botox ( I know
context 2: n't do much aside from giving me a sore esophagus and
context 3: I do believe this is giving me lots of much needed

term: sucks
frequency: 360
lemmatized_to: suck
context 1: every other day . It sucks . But I can burp
context 2: and / or belch , sucks . What are some tips
context 3: to explode . This really sucks :(

term: Hope
frequency: 358
lemmatized_to: hope
context 1: until it becomes normal . Hope this helps anyone out there
context 2: my part at least . Hope it helps someone !
context 3: advice has really helped . Hope we can all find relief

term: ve
frequency: 357
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: I ve been to the doctor so
context 2: my last few years i ve been having this issue .
context 3: Also when I sneeze I ve found I take Air in

term: explained
frequency: 356
lemmatized_to: explain
context 1: matched my own . He explained that , as Dr. Karagama
context 2: just gets worse . I explained to my doctor that I
context 3: I was doing . I explained this issue and she mentioned

term: Your
frequency: 356
lemmatized_to: your
context 1: then a bit more . Your jaw should be loose ,
context 2: energy out of you . Your whole body clenches . All
context 3: compensation or direct benefit . Your responses will be completely anonymous

term: supposed
frequency: 354
lemmatized_to: suppose
context 1: or at least I 'm supposed to but there 's delays
context 2: sure how often people are supposed to burp . I guess
context 3: the hell a microburp is supposed to sound / feel like

term: bigger
frequency: 353
lemmatized_to: big
context 1: get out some of the bigger burps . I 'm still
context 2: still get nervous with the bigger ones . So yeah unclear
context 3: mouth - will they get bigger ? \- I let out

term: vomited
frequency: 353
lemmatized_to: vomit
context 1: , and I have n't vomited since I was 4 (
context 2: so thankful I have n't vomited since . I also have
context 3: a hiatal hernia I just vomited some of my coffee all

term: parents
frequency: 353
lemmatized_to: parent
context 1: , but both of my parents can belch on command ,
context 2: And I do have older parents and a child to worry
context 3: ) . Finally , my parents decided to take me to

term: Reddit
frequency: 350
lemmatized_to: reddit
context 1: I 've never posted on Reddit before , but I 've
context 2: ) ! I just joined Reddit specifically to add my 2¢
context 3: botox . [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA) His Reddit post about it can be

term: booked
frequency: 350
lemmatized_to: book
context 1: , and I ’ve finally booked an appointment with Lucy Hicklin
context 2: I have an initial consultation booked with Dr Karagama just to
context 3: I dived straight in and booked a consultation over here in

term: ways
frequency: 349
lemmatized_to: way
context 1: on daily life in many ways ! I 'm entering my
context 2: to breathe . The only ways to relieve this pressure are
context 3: much well versed in different ways to stop hiccups . (

term: looks
frequency: 347
lemmatized_to: look
context 1: chest x ray and all looks good but the feeling remains
context 2: diagnosed with acid reflux — looks like that ’s not quite
context 3: horrible stomach ache . I looks like I ’m 9 months

term: Are
frequency: 346
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: medical term for it ? Are there any treatments ? I
context 2: Are any of you also Celiacs
context 3: who would still ask “ Are you OK ” if they

term: pills
frequency: 342
lemmatized_to: pill
context 1: so I started taking iron pills ) and the ultrasound only
context 2: . I had trouble swallowing pills whole until I was in
context 3: n't release the CO2 those pills convert the acid into .

term: knowing
frequency: 342
lemmatized_to: know
context 1: this sub . Somehow , knowing there are so many out
context 2: , today I feel complete knowing that there are dozens of
context 3: I used get into cars knowing that I 'd end up

term: improved
frequency: 342
lemmatized_to: improve
context 1: clear other past traumas which improved some current physical symptoms ,
context 2: and although this has n't improved a great deal , I
context 3: when I arrived , but improved after I 'd been there

term: procedures
frequency: 335
lemmatized_to: procedure
context 1: I ’ve had more GI procedures than I can count ,
context 2: both had identical scars from procedures when we were infants and
context 3: posting about the Botox and procedures you can get . For

term: gives
frequency: 333
lemmatized_to: give
context 1: intoxicated , but because it gives me so much gas .
context 2: up to now though which gives me a bit of hope
context 3: force a micro burp that gives 0 relief . In some

term: telling
frequency: 332
lemmatized_to: tell
context 1: the worst part is people telling me I 'm being silly
context 2: tech at the hospital started telling me about how I was
context 3: gastroenterologist . My dad was telling this other doctor ( an

term: described
frequency: 332
lemmatized_to: describe
context 1: same muscles that are being described for strong burps , but
context 2: chest pain or throat gurgling described by a lot of people
context 3: else has similar bloating issues described by the quiz or if

term: farts
frequency: 332
lemmatized_to: fart
context 1: am a master at loud farts though . Usually when I
context 2: gurgles and higher than average farts . Pretty strange stuff
context 3: of marching - band - farts , post - food -

term: prescribed
frequency: 327
lemmatized_to: prescribe
context 1: average chemist that is n't prescribed , and if so ,
context 2: but you must get it prescribed because there is a shortage
context 3: seems very against it and prescribed me with peppermint capsules as

term: thoughts
frequency: 327
lemmatized_to: thought
context 1: asleep I had some anxious thoughts abt goi to school so
context 2: true or something ? Any thoughts / advice from other noburpers
context 3: make of that anymore . thoughts ? i just checked and

term: helping
frequency: 326
lemmatized_to: help
context 1: bit . Ice was n't helping so I requested a cough
context 2: few years . R\_CPD was helping me stay at my new
context 3: etc ) have n't been helping me . Is there anything

term: practicing
frequency: 326
lemmatized_to: practice
context 1: coughing to burp and kept practicing , as the day went
context 2: ( e.g. while i was practicing so I can write this
context 3: to keep trying . Keep practicing . Everyone is able to

term: putting
frequency: 324
lemmatized_to: put
context 1: to escape from ) and putting fingers down my throat ,
context 2: it 's a bit off putting to my gf and the
context 3: chesty and it ’s literally putting me off hydrating myself properly

term: living
frequency: 322
lemmatized_to: live
context 1: to burp . And after living with it my entire life
context 2: h away from home , living by myself , I ’ll
context 3: from hope and anticipation of living a normal life for the

term: From
frequency: 322
lemmatized_to: from
context 1: in your body ) . From what i imagine , the
context 2: but without the heartburn . From my understanding acid reflux is
context 3: really tiny butps out . From that day on it became

term: developed
frequency: 320
lemmatized_to: develop
context 1: I was so scared and developed a really bad fear of
context 2: feel sick I must have developed a mechanism to stop my
context 3: , but recently I 've developed worse GI symptoms due to

term: Today
frequency: 319
lemmatized_to: today
context 1: Today I received 100 units of
context 2: today / last night . Today ( Thursday ) I ’m
context 3: missing out on everything . Today is club rush day and

term: London
frequency: 319
lemmatized_to: london
context 1: procedure . I travelled from London to Manchester towards the end
context 2: fine and heading back to London . It 's the day
context 3: people discussing ms Hicklin in London doing it for around £

term: older
frequency: 317
lemmatized_to: old
context 1: growing worse as I get older and spend more and more
context 2: . And I do have older parents and a child to
context 3: , but as I grew older I realized it was because

term: starts
frequency: 316
lemmatized_to: start
context 1: chest and the gurgle noise starts . Also on nights out
context 2: builds up and the croaking starts up , my body just
context 3: litres . Once the feeling starts , even if it 's

term: GA
frequency: 315
lemmatized_to: ga
context 1: a doctor in TN or GA who knows about burp problems
context 2: live outside of Atlanta , GA , wondering if there ’s
context 3: 70 units of botox under GA on Friday , so I

term: showed
frequency: 314
lemmatized_to: show
context 1: was gallstones . The bloodwork showed that I 'm anemic (
context 2: ) and the ultrasound only showed a fatty liver ( I
context 3: surgery . My blood tests showed abnormal clotting factors so she

term: specialists
frequency: 313
lemmatized_to: specialist
context 1: , Medicine , and Surgical specialists that week and told them
context 2: Of course all of the specialists thought I was making it
context 3: could be Sydney and Melbourne specialists who have had patients before

term: paid
frequency: 310
lemmatized_to: pay
context 1: to post here . I paid , as expected , £
context 2: number of people would have paid the invoice without looking into
context 3: Botox procedure and have already paid for an upcoming Zoom appt

term: wants
frequency: 308
lemmatized_to: want
context 1: !! ) and she just wants me to do a 24
context 2: use . Now my Gastroenterologist wants me to get off Omeprazole
context 3: get the botox surgery and wants me to get it in

term: turned
frequency: 307
lemmatized_to: turn
context 1: It was n't until I turned 21 and started drinking beer
context 2: I just turned 22 , and about a
context 3: come up constantly until I turned over to my right side

term: suffered
frequency: 306
lemmatized_to: suffer
context 1: Dysfunction ) . I 've suffered with it my entire cognitive
context 2: I suffered from R - CPD up
context 3: I have suffered from this terrible pain my

term: began
frequency: 305
lemmatized_to: begin
context 1: Has anyone randomly finally began burping ?
context 2: set . And so I began an existence of work and
context 3: adonis . But then it began ... Indigestion through the day

term: Was
frequency: 304
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: from his website ) . Was expecting to get knocked back
context 2: Botox on sep 4 . Was best decision ever ! I
context 3: at 1015 am Tuesday . Was kind of annoyed once I

term: recommended
frequency: 302
lemmatized_to: recommend
context 1: the gurgle sound . He recommended I get the Botox procedure
context 2: Dr. Michael Lerner and was recommended to me by a fellow
context 3: , but I kept getting recommended to try it by my

term: conditions
frequency: 301
lemmatized_to: condition
context 1: the usual restrictions on pre-existing conditions not being covered ? I
context 2: when it comes to chronic conditions this is an AMAZING success
context 3: a connection between these two conditions ? I mean is there

term: coughing
frequency: 300
lemmatized_to: cough
context 1: management " or snorting and coughing and phleming ensues for an
context 2: pretty frequently . Lots of coughing . I 'm starting to
context 3: the breathing tube and was coughing quite a bit . Ice

term: Mr
frequency: 300
lemmatized_to: mr
context 1: and claim for treatment with Mr Karagama on insurance , but
context 2: try to get referral to Mr Karagama . Chap said he
context 3: Injection into Cricopharyngeal Muscle by Mr Karagama

term: met
frequency: 299
lemmatized_to: meet
context 1: one . I have never met anyone else who does n’t
context 2: goddamn idiot they 've ever met . Now to find others
context 3: the only person I 've met who can not burp .

term: Canada
frequency: 298
lemmatized_to: canada
context 1: pursuing referrals in BC , Canada for a year and a
context 2: this subreddit other doctors in Canada / UK seem to be
context 3: Florida and back ( from Canada ) . It 's simply

term: appreciated
frequency: 297
lemmatized_to: appreciate
context 1: about it would be massively appreciated .
context 2: and any help would be appreciated !
context 3: - burper who 's always appreciated the predicament I 'm in

term: stuck
frequency: 296
lemmatized_to: stuck
context 1: feeling like there is something stuck in my throat and occasionally
context 2: let out all the air stuck inside and translate it into
context 3: fun , as it gets stuck in the throat and needs

term: These
frequency: 294
lemmatized_to: this
context 1: added sugar I consume . These foods never gave me issues
context 2: many of these areas . These symptoms can really impact on
context 3: sound inside my chest . These days I have to force

term: Best
frequency: 291
lemmatized_to: good
context 1: I 'm not alone . Best of luck to us all
context 2: no burpers out there . Best of luck !
context 3: I trust his research . Best way to find out if

term: NOT
frequency: 289
lemmatized_to: not
context 1: take 💖 how do I NOT lose my shit cause I
context 2: self . SERIOUSLY ! DO NOT BE NERVOUS ! I understand
context 3: NO SIR IT IS * NOT * A BURP THANK YOU

term: eaten
frequency: 289
lemmatized_to: eat
context 1: Monday ( although I have eaten some spicy food ) and
context 2: the bf and I had eaten supper and I was having
context 3: it feels like i have eaten 4 hogs , 2 horses

term: comments
frequency: 289
lemmatized_to: comment
context 1: answer any questions in the comments ! UPDATE 1 : It
context 2: reply to one of the comments in a recent Ask Reddit
context 3: [ several responses in the comments ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/9h1rxa/botox_treatment_results/) [ another

term: gagging
frequency: 287
lemmatized_to: gagging
context 1: concerned . Not about the gagging etc. , but about the
context 2: or so , all while gagging , until I just succumb
context 3: n’t make myself burp by gagging as it ’s never worked

term: brought
frequency: 287
lemmatized_to: bring
context 1: I eat but the taco brought forth heavenly audible , satisfying
context 2: of ultra running that eventually brought me here ... I 've
context 3: pool and drink . I brought a few beers and we

term: k
frequency: 287
lemmatized_to: thousand
context 1: a cost of $ 12 k for this but it was
context 2: surgery was about $ 17 k so I 'm not complaining
context 3: , but it costs 4 k ?!

term: Before
frequency: 285
lemmatized_to: before
context 1: Do not be nervous !!! Before this morning I had never
context 2: the Botox wears off . Before I go further , disclaimer
context 3: 6 farts all day . Before it was probably more like

term: letting
frequency: 284
lemmatized_to: let
context 1: WHATEVER she is not comfortable letting me undergo surgery . UGHHH
context 2: started with basically just slowly letting gas out by tilting my
context 3: , instead of it just letting it happen , breathe out

term: With
frequency: 284
lemmatized_to: with
context 1: amount of pain ) . With the camera in place ,
context 2: is for until Monday . With this additional charge it brings
context 3: treatment in this way . With nothing being mentioned about these

term: pm
frequency: 284
lemmatized_to: p.m.
context 1: to sleep , at 10:30 pm I noticed I had a
context 2: to stop eating at 11 pm Monday and checked in to
context 3: ’s from 6 - 11 pm on a work - night

term: u
frequency: 284
lemmatized_to: u
context 1: / u / hdawgggy and I made
context 2: u / Rubikant 's 5 month
context 3: burp if you could , u just ca n't , and

term: Because
frequency: 283
lemmatized_to: because
context 1: reflex a little bit . Because I 'm pretty sure I
context 2: to learn their body . Because the flap is opening now
context 3: sick / bloated feeling . Because I ca n’t burp ,

term: breathing
frequency: 282
lemmatized_to: breathing
context 1: lot of attention to my breathing that it seems to be
context 2: intense throat scratchiness from the breathing tube and was coughing quite
context 3: Epiglottis reflux or " breathing reflex " babies learn ,

term: BVI
frequency: 281
lemmatized_to: bvi
context 1: appointment with Dr Hoesli at BVI tomorrow . I 'm driving
context 2: Preop tests at BVI
context 3: procedure on 35 people and BVI is between 750 - 800

term: treating
frequency: 280
lemmatized_to: treat
context 1: felt terrible and felt like treating myself a bit ) .
context 2: about the doctors that are treating this with Botox . They
context 3: the closest doctor known for treating RCPD . I had been

term: Try
frequency: 280
lemmatized_to: try
context 1: too personal or weird . Try as I might , I
context 2: but most never learned ! Try finding the nerves to move
context 3: Try liquidizing your diet and drinking

term: forcing
frequency: 278
lemmatized_to: force
context 1: as sounding like I ’m forcing a barf but really it
context 2: leaning over my bathroom sink forcing air out the only way
context 3: painful day . I was forcing my gag reflex when I

term: changes
frequency: 278
lemmatized_to: change
context 1: were any other non-procedure related changes that people have had success
context 2: burp out afterwards it just changes my sneezing experience . Blowing
context 3: a big issue , just changes , which I feel will

term: croaks
frequency: 276
lemmatized_to: croak
context 1: I get the gurgles / croaks after a large meal or
context 2: Instead I get the satan croaks and the gurgles etc ..
context 3: had been struggling with the croaks , chest pain , and

term: beverages
frequency: 276
lemmatized_to: beverage
context 1: the intentional use of carbonated beverages every day to ensure I
context 2: 'm able to drink carbonated beverages without any fuss . However
context 3: is my life with carbonated beverages . Well friends , today

term: teeth
frequency: 276
lemmatized_to: tooth
context 1: next time I brushed my teeth , it happened again .
context 2: brushing the front of my teeth . I do n't know
context 3: burp when I brush my teeth ?

term: Unfortunately
frequency: 276
lemmatized_to: unfortunately
context 1: happens without any effort . Unfortunately I ca n’t give a
context 2: in a few weeks . Unfortunately , I ’ve had a
context 3: change before my eyes . Unfortunately this is only visible in

term: relieving
frequency: 275
lemmatized_to: relieve
context 1: too . It 's very relieving to let out the pressure
context 2: all , It 's been relieving to read all your stories
context 3: was it was still so relieving and now I 'm even

term: running
frequency: 275
lemmatized_to: run
context 1: especially when it comes to running . I 'm feeling more
context 2: to vomit , but after running to the ledge of the
context 3: subway ride home and after running up the stairs from underground

term: expected
frequency: 273
lemmatized_to: expect
context 1: 's not like how I expected it to be
context 2: a lot more positively than expected actually . I went in
context 3: , that is to be expected . Looking forward to tomorrow

term: bc
frequency: 273
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: messy as I was sick bc of multiple reasons ( ofc
context 2: bloated / was but nervous bc of psychologist appt in the
context 3: ate a bit of dinner bc I felt so sick .

term: Could
frequency: 272
lemmatized_to: could
context 1: was a Hiatal Hernia . Could that be the cause of
context 2: ( especially alcohol ) . Could drink multiple with no issues
context 3: perspective for you guys : Could the stoppage of burping be

term: US
frequency: 270
lemmatized_to: us
context 1: the botox treatment in the US , like me . I
context 2: GRIMES IS ONE OF US ! NO BURP GETS FAMOUS
context 3: 'm also located in the US and had the ability to

term: suggested
frequency: 268
lemmatized_to: suggest
context 1: brief chat , and he suggested I use a neti pot
context 2: back normal ) . Some suggested it might be a psychological
context 3: need to burp . I suggested it was irrelevant . If

term: options
frequency: 268
lemmatized_to: option
context 1: just do n't have any options there . Thanks for any
context 2: that there were actually two options for the treatment . The
context 3: bed or late night snack options

term: reasons
frequency: 268
lemmatized_to: reason
context 1: sure there are many different reasons we might have developed this
context 2: was sick bc of multiple reasons ( ofc all speculation as
context 3: but that 's for unrelated reasons ) My question is ,

term: bloated
frequency: 267
lemmatized_to: bloated
context 1: is I am not really bloated but my esophagus feels bloated
context 2: bloated but my esophagus feels bloated instead and it is frickin
context 3: that I 'm not getting bloated anymore . I also can

term: talked
frequency: 264
lemmatized_to: talk
context 1: couple of weeks . I talked to Dr. Bastian on Monday
context 2: . But this has been talked about with others , so
context 3: a damn cold . We talked about everything else , and

term: Every
frequency: 263
lemmatized_to: every
context 1: ok , its constant . Every minute of the day no
context 2: been able to burp . Every few months it will happen
context 3: COVID - 19 claim . Every time I drink alcohol I

term: Let
frequency: 263
lemmatized_to: let
context 1: keep you all posted . Let 's move this into Canadian
context 2: because of what happened . Let me explain . So yesterday
context 3: comes with having mono . Let ’s just hope it does

term: Will
frequency: 260
lemmatized_to: will
context 1: I try to do . Will this ever go away ?
context 2: 24 - 72 hours . Will keep posted . 8 PM
context 3: . Is this normal ? Will the number decrease ? \-

term: further
frequency: 260
lemmatized_to: far
context 1: and look up slightly to further extend it . Then stick
context 2: guys ! There may be further complications .
context 3: more hours go on the further up the throat it feels

term: biggest
frequency: 260
lemmatized_to: big
context 1: this reddit community . The biggest help for me personally was
context 2: microburp or two . My biggest complaint besides the bloating ,
context 3: far , this is the biggest difference maker for me .

term: Would
frequency: 259
lemmatized_to: would
context 1: in terms of enjoyment ? Would you reschedule your trip given
context 2: breath through my mouth . Would breahting through my nose help
context 3: @ 65 % improvement ? Would more Botox help ? Seeing

term: closed
frequency: 258
lemmatized_to: close
context 1: difference between a tight , closed throat ( audible ) and
context 2: the time with my mouth closed or open it does n't
context 3: other patients requesting their curtains closed ( I do n't have

term: Hopefully
frequency: 258
lemmatized_to: hopefully
context 1: for a letter now . Hopefully my local CCG approves my
context 2: interesting story to share . Hopefully one day I 'll be
context 3: n't expect a bill . Hopefully I do n't get a

term: answers
frequency: 258
lemmatized_to: answer
context 1: ... and she had no answers . Basically just ... some
context 2: ’ve been trying to find answers but no luck . Any
context 3: . I would search for answers but there were none .

term: forced
frequency: 257
lemmatized_to: force
context 1: I think regularly using the forced burping ( i.e. fingers down
context 2: I have been doing the forced burping \( I am sure
context 3: it is attributable to the forced burping . I think it

term: struggled
frequency: 256
lemmatized_to: struggle
context 1: Hi guys So I 've struggled with this no burp stuff
context 2: concern is that I 've struggled with phlegm in my throat
context 3: able to burp and constantly struggled through school and exams etc

term: hurts
frequency: 255
lemmatized_to: hurt
context 1: feeling nauseous and my head hurts because I ’m not getting
context 2: vomit , and it really hurts when I do . )
context 3: burp out , it usually hurts , and it usually comes

term: received
frequency: 254
lemmatized_to: receive
context 1: this ? People that have received the Botox treatment - is
context 2: Today I received 100 units of Botox with
context 3: . The first time I received 30 units ( awake )

term: attacks
frequency: 254
lemmatized_to: attack
context 1: though , like daily panic attacks emetephobia , and I 'm
context 2: when I started having frog attacks ( the croak ) .
context 3: these may have been panic attacks / early anxiety disorder )

term: Which
frequency: 251
lemmatized_to: which
context 1: and I was good . Which is no problem because I
context 2: burp it out yourself ? Which in my case will mean
context 3: to come back up . Which I was warned might happen

term: threw
frequency: 251
lemmatized_to: throw
context 1: thought that if I ever threw up I would probably die
context 2: damaging my health . I threw up for 7 hours .
context 3: was HELL . When i threw up from morning sickness ,

term: injected
frequency: 251
lemmatized_to: inject
context 1: Essentially , you get botox injected into the throat 's sphincter
context 2: horribly wrong because a doctor injected the patient with Kenalog instead
context 3: your upper sphincter that he injected is basically just flaccid and

term: smaller
frequency: 251
lemmatized_to: small
context 1: have to learn to take smaller bites , as food has
context 2: have to learn to take smaller bites , as food has
context 3: feels like the windpipe is smaller . Had a few burps

term: swallowed
frequency: 251
lemmatized_to: swallow
context 1: did n't work . I swallowed air into my stomach ,
context 2: bad since it ’s more swallowed air than built up methane
context 3: I was laying down and swallowed my saliva extra hard ,

term: Hospital
frequency: 247
lemmatized_to: hospital
context 1: Amanda Hu at the UBC Hospital in Vancouver , BC in
context 2: Ms Lucy Hicklin at Parkside Hospital a few months ago ,
context 3: their office on the LDS Hospital campus for one appointment where

term: considered
frequency: 247
lemmatized_to: consider
context 1: and I have n't even considered asking my doctor . I
context 2: so bad that I strongly considered going to see Dr. Bastian
context 3: do what I ’ve always considered my version of a burp

term: Monday
frequency: 246
lemmatized_to: monday
context 1: , school JUST started that Monday ( I think I was
context 2: talked to Dr. Bastian on Monday and he told me that
context 3: an appointment with her on Monday and told her about the

term: sleeping
frequency: 244
lemmatized_to: sleep
context 1: less tired as I 'm sleeping so much better than before
context 2: there . Later on after sleeping a bit on my back
context 3: . The benefits include : sleeping through the night , no

term: linked
frequency: 243
lemmatized_to: link
context 1: if retrograde cricopharyngeus dysfunction is linked to stress ? I 'm
context 2: you get and could be linked or is it just a
context 3: and noburp - are they linked ?

term: connected
frequency: 243
lemmatized_to: connect
context 1: pain and the no-burping are connected , it might be Celiac
context 2: should , maybe it 's connected to my IBS in a
context 3: No burping / chest pressure connected ?

term: Honestly
frequency: 243
lemmatized_to: honestly
context 1: contents from coming up . Honestly , as a life -
context 2: about a month ago . Honestly , my life has changed
context 3: to them post partum ?? Honestly im not complaining im so

term: affected
frequency: 240
lemmatized_to: affect
context 1: ta admit , this procedure affected my swallowing a lot more
context 2: honest , it has n't affected my life too much (
context 3: that 's how much it affected me ! I 'm now

term: costs
frequency: 240
lemmatized_to: cost
context 1: curious about how much it costs to have this surgery done
context 2: to avoid vomiting at all costs .
context 3: go alone ) and procedure costs . When I watched a

term: sharing
frequency: 240
lemmatized_to: share
context 1: have been so open to sharing their experiences . I aim
context 2: If you do n't mind sharing , where are all of
context 3: it . Thank you for sharing your experiences too . Please

term: bites
frequency: 239
lemmatized_to: bite
context 1: eating slowly and taking small bites of food and making sure
context 2: chew , take breaks between bites , and just generally stop
context 3: , but after like five bites , I would feel way

term: triggers
frequency: 237
lemmatized_to: trigger
context 1: air - vomit when nausea triggers my gag reflex and I
context 2: inability to burp because it triggers vomiting , things like that
context 3: of a heart attack which triggers my anxiety and panic through

term: While
frequency: 237
lemmatized_to: while
context 1: burps after doing this . While I did burp , they
context 2: Abdomino - phrenic dyssynergia . While there is not a lot
context 3: of relief from it . While i was pregnant it was

term: cases
frequency: 237
lemmatized_to: case
context 1: childhood friends used to drink cases of carbonated beverages and have
context 2: gave me some pointers in cases where I felt unusually out
context 3: ’ll be one of those cases who tries everything to no

term: terms
frequency: 237
lemmatized_to: term
context 1: interfere with my vacation in terms of enjoyment ? Would you
context 2: I 've been tested in terms of stress , which always
context 3: procedure to me in simpler terms ? how long is the

term: People
frequency: 234
lemmatized_to: person
context 1: anyone else experienced this ? People that have received the Botox
context 2: like a dry heave . People think I 'm about to
context 3: you are out there . People always ca n't believe it

term: checked
frequency: 233
lemmatized_to: check
context 1: ? I 've had it checked out by a Dr and
context 2: even New Zealand to get checked out
context 3: at 11 pm Monday and checked in to LDS at 1015

term: fixed
frequency: 233
lemmatized_to: fix
context 1: want to get this issue fixed , but the idea of
context 2: forever . But then I fixed it . Very slowly ,
context 3: different avenues to get this fixed and ended up here I

term: videos
frequency: 233
lemmatized_to: video
context 1: sparkling water , watched YouTube videos and tried to teach myself
context 2: ? I see friends and videos os people burping with voice
context 3: ca n’t stop watching cooking videos for some reason . Saw

term: holding
frequency: 232
lemmatized_to: hold
context 1: makes my puke pressurize like holding your thumb over the end
context 2: and I alleviate them by holding my breath until one of
context 3: the breath you 've been holding . Do this while keeping

term: By
frequency: 231
lemmatized_to: by
context 1: It works that good . By the way my gastroenterologist still
context 2: some big burps out . By kind of tensing my diaphragm
context 3: diets , or medication ? By the way , I am

term: thinks
frequency: 230
lemmatized_to: think
context 1: GI on Tuesday , she thinks that if the back pain
context 2: subreddit the next time someone thinks I 'm fibbing about not
context 3: in my life . Everyone thinks it ’s crazy . If

term: Of
frequency: 230
lemmatized_to: of
context 1: found things that help . Of course , lying on your
context 2: weird , right . https://youtu.be/cPlTpTJ3fHM?t=1m36s Of course I lost a lot
context 3: ’s burp any more . Of course all of the specialists

term: Shaker
frequency: 229
lemmatized_to: shaker
context 1: I have a tips ( Shaker / Neck Position / Magnesium
context 2: Shaker exercises + fizzy drinks +
context 3: Shaker Excercise . How long until

term: liquids
frequency: 229
lemmatized_to: liquid
context 1: drink literally any solids or liquids . Having liquids makes it
context 2: solids or liquids . Having liquids makes it so much worse
context 3: I 've stopped drinking any liquids all together except for water

term: earlier
frequency: 228
lemmatized_to: early
context 1: reminded of the hard way earlier this week . For some
context 2: ( or perhaps we started earlier ) . I slept off
context 3: I had horrible chest pressure earlier which went instantly after a

term: sips
frequency: 226
lemmatized_to: sip
context 1: or could have a few sips and be bloated feeling very
context 2: in more need for frequent sips between mouthfuls still . Day
context 3: taking a 2 - 3 sips of water after every single

term: OR
frequency: 224
lemmatized_to: or
context 1: and led me into the OR . I laid down and
context 2: I STAY ON MY BACK OR RIGHT SIDE . I have
context 3: 🩻 Missed Connection , Portland OR 🩻

term: Edit
frequency: 223
lemmatized_to: edit
context 1: 'm 16 , btw . Edit : It still happens all
context 2: anyone out there struggling x Edit : A page from a
context 3: into Canadian mainstream medicine . Edit : Done ! What an

term: nights
frequency: 223
lemmatized_to: night
context 1: many symptom free days and nights to come . :)
context 2: Two nights ago I got 4 hours
context 3: have probably drank alcohol 4 nights out of those 2 ...

term: situations
frequency: 223
lemmatized_to: situation
context 1: " normal " in social situations ? I 'm interested to
context 2: sure , I avoid social situations and especially dates in the
context 3: However , there are two situations when the sensation of trapped

term: needing
frequency: 223
lemmatized_to: need
context 1: of bloating and gurgling and needing to dry - heave my
context 2: regard to forced burps , needing liquid to swallow breakfast .
context 3: exercise wise today but still needing extra time between sets in

term: Nothing
frequency: 222
lemmatized_to: nothing
context 1: least every other day . Nothing has changed in my diet
context 2: or the hypnotherapy ) . Nothing seemed to change though .
context 3: heaving for dear life . Nothing but air and some saliva

term: lasted
frequency: 222
lemmatized_to: last
context 1: like the pain ( which lasted a day ) . I
context 2: few times but it only lasted a day . I was
context 3: not burping ) . It lasted only a week this time

term: treatments
frequency: 222
lemmatized_to: treatment
context 1: it ? Are there any treatments ? I ’m genuinely curious
context 2: had hoped some of those treatments might get have helped (
context 3: said before he selects any treatments like Botox , he wants

term: paying
frequency: 222
lemmatized_to: pay
context 1: Anyone who is considering paying the almost £ 5000 for
context 2: lot and now I 'm paying the price . Begone ,
context 3: easier said than done , paying no attention to it might

term: followed
frequency: 221
lemmatized_to: follow
context 1: return to eat more , followed by the CURE as many
context 2: for the second time , followed with Botox procedure ASAP afterward
context 3: , however it was always followed by stomach acid . 3

term: increased
frequency: 221
lemmatized_to: increase
context 1: Removing 80 % Volume also increased pressure my the same percentage
context 2: And because of it , increased flatulence . Have n’t read
context 3: else experienced throat pain or increased acid reflux after doing shaker

term: relaxing
frequency: 220
lemmatized_to: relax
context 1: from a book explaining the relaxing method a bit more clearly
context 2: again .. my muscle is relaxing at random times and letting
context 3: I was n't intentional about relaxing on a weekend I would

term: Very
frequency: 220
lemmatized_to: very
context 1: then I fixed it . Very slowly , over time ,
context 2: for July - yay ! Very excited to ( fingers crossed
context 3: would happily pay for !!! Very interested to hear from anyone

term: Last
frequency: 219
lemmatized_to: last
context 1: gurgling and feeling nauseous . Last night I was so tired
context 2: burped a few times . Last one was a couple months
context 3: even more to swallow . Last night , as i was

term: IV
frequency: 218
lemmatized_to: iv
context 1: gown , they put an IV in my hand and led
context 2: got dressed and had an IV stuck in me at like
context 3: 3 hours and lots of IV stabs before they pushed it

term: wearing
frequency: 217
lemmatized_to: wear
context 1: training event . I 'm wearing my nice clothes slacks and
context 2: kind of clothes I was wearing . I do n't do
context 3: I ’m scared it ’s wearing off . My gurgles are

term: positions
frequency: 216
lemmatized_to: position
context 1: some [ pseudo - yoga positions ] ( http://www.flatulencesolutions.com/yoga-for-fart-relief/) ( watch
context 2: everything . Beware of body positions that are horizontal or inverted
context 3: neck / throat into different positions to get the burp out

term: episodes
frequency: 215
lemmatized_to: episode
context 1: a way of preventing future episodes at all cost . They
context 2: always , but I have episodes . * I do get
context 3: remember and had a few episodes of dry heaving , especially

term: keeping
frequency: 213
lemmatized_to: keep
context 1: for me . Also , keeping my throat as relaxed as
context 2: done an okay job of keeping it bearable . It feels
context 3: holding . Do this while keeping the throat very relaxed .

term: wore
frequency: 213
lemmatized_to: wear
context 1: initially in May 2017 , wore off in August , returned
context 2: 3rd ( disclaimer : I wore loose Levi button up shorts
context 3: time in 2017 the botox wore off and the inability to

term: beers
frequency: 212
lemmatized_to: beer
context 1: out . After a couple beers one night , I was
context 2: you ca n't just pound beers back like there 's no
context 3: could get through about 2 beers and then be instantly full

term: words
frequency: 212
lemmatized_to: word
context 1: have a theory ? Encouraging words ? Right now I ’m
context 2: last time , his first words were “ are you ready
context 3: . I shared a few words with the receptionist and she

term: March
frequency: 211
lemmatized_to: march
context 1: being open to participation through March 23rd , but I 'll
context 2: a follow up appointment in March and have been put on
context 3: the Botox procedure back in March . My dad is a

term: surprised
frequency: 211
lemmatized_to: surprised
context 1: burp ! I was so surprised and excited about my new
context 2: easy . I am rather surprised with how much I am
context 3: sub , I 'm really surprised and excited to have found

term: speaking
frequency: 211
lemmatized_to: speak
context 1: a bad idea . My speaking voice is largely unchanged ,
context 2: I notice people speaking of stretches that helped them
context 3: to clear my throat before speaking . I have dealt with

term: meant
frequency: 210
lemmatized_to: mean
context 1: he understood quite what I meant by not being able to
context 2: further with my running ultras meant eating + running . When
context 3: in my tracks and has meant i 've had to drop

term: compared
frequency: 208
lemmatized_to: compare
context 1: was quite easy , especially compared to something like a colonoscopy
context 2: A couple days is NOTHING compared to the relief I 'm
context 3: the local scenario - he compared it to having to feel

term: Basically
frequency: 208
lemmatized_to: basically
context 1: she had no answers . Basically just ... some people do
context 2: to burp . &#x200B ; Basically , do you guys experience
context 3: build up even more . Basically , in addition to the

term: mg
frequency: 208
lemmatized_to: m.m.
context 1: 've been put onto 40 mg of somac once daily for
context 2: he put me on 40 mg pantoprazole ( proton pump inhibitor
context 3: put me on omeprazole 40 mg once a day to get

term: wan
frequency: 207
lemmatized_to: want
context 1: kind you get when you wan na burp , but like
context 2: my throat ew . I wan na be cured but I
context 3: out microburps I do n't wan na be like this way

term: Only
frequency: 207
lemmatized_to: only
context 1: call it , Retrograde - Only Cricopharyngeus Dysfunction ) . I
context 2: of the same symptoms . Only difference is that I can
context 3: , gas in stomach . Only ate a bit of breakfast

term: associated
frequency: 207
lemmatized_to: associate
context 1: though I have nt really associated it that much to eating
context 2: I have that may be associated with noburp : \- fart
context 3: that I think may be associated with not being able to

term: suggestions
frequency: 206
lemmatized_to: suggestion
context 1: never ending cycle . Any suggestions ? I ’m desperate !
context 2: so heavily on info / suggestions from this group that I
context 3: . Does anyone have any suggestions ? I 'm really hoping

term: Burping
frequency: 206
lemmatized_to: burp
context 1: Burping bs Air vomiting
context 2: i 'm doing it . Burping twice is n't normal at
context 3: at all for me . Burping once in 5 - 6

term: Everyone
frequency: 205
lemmatized_to: everyone
context 1: “ air trapped ” . Everyone thought I was crazy .
context 2: Hi Everyone ! I 've been desperate
context 3: Everyone who knows this about me

term: lived
frequency: 205
lemmatized_to: live
context 1: from my bulimia that I lived with for at least 5
context 2: I lived with my aunt for 5
context 3: could n't believe I 'd lived most of my adult life

term: data
frequency: 203
lemmatized_to: datum
context 1: once we start analyzing the data . Thank you SO much
context 2: to begin to analyze the data . Thank you so much
context 3: is below . Once the data are clean I will post

term: amounts
frequency: 203
lemmatized_to: amount
context 1: avoided fizzy drinks , large amounts of sugary / fatty foods
context 2: Afterwards , I had intense amounts of heartburn that lasted days
context 3: guys have trouble with excessive amounts of gas ? I feel

term: January
frequency: 203
lemmatized_to: january
context 1: Manchester towards the end of January for my consultation with Mr.
context 2: general anesthesia procedure in early January right now . I saw
context 3: my next appointment ( late January 2021 ) , I got

term: About
frequency: 201
lemmatized_to: about
context 1: About a week ago I randomly
context 2: , non burper here . About 2 years ago , I
context 3: Potential Warning About Treatment with Lucy Hicklin for

term: crossed
frequency: 201
lemmatized_to: cross
context 1: have been others I 've crossed paths with , as I
context 2: . Updates coming , fingers crossed this has fixed me for
context 3: things to come . Fingers crossed my fellow no burpers .

term: Never
frequency: 201
lemmatized_to: never
context 1: mucus in my throat . Never goes away regardless of what
context 2: Never - burper here . My
context 3: , long time lurker . Never posted on Reddit before but

term: Definitely
frequency: 200
lemmatized_to: definitely
context 1: being caused by this . Definitely a confidence shaker . Does
context 2: different when I swallowed . Definitely had slow swallowing for about
context 3: now really big belches . Definitely more than the average person

term: regarding
frequency: 200
lemmatized_to: regard
context 1: is more and more awareness regarding our condition . It sucks
context 2: all of my specific questions regarding vomiting , such as what
context 3: been questioning in many threads regarding this subject , but I

term: Although
frequency: 199
lemmatized_to: although
context 1: force the air out . Although it came out very violently
context 2: n’t bad for me . Although sometimes food would get stuck
context 3: who have similar conditions . Although , I feel terrible for

term: pushed
frequency: 199
lemmatized_to: push
context 1: did ; the camera being pushed all the way up my
context 2: about it are currently being pushed off the front page .
context 3: my Adams apple had been pushed on too hard so was

term: stretching
frequency: 199
lemmatized_to: stretch
context 1: apart from each other , stretching your traps - imagine you
context 2: a burp , such as stretching and massaging my neck ,
context 3: any success with the balloon stretching of only the UES ?

term: losing
frequency: 198
lemmatized_to: lose
context 1: , I could feel myself losing consciousness . I could hear
context 2: and getting sore throats / losing your voice more often ?
context 3: getting blackout drunk and me losing my wallet and phone .

term: thrown
frequency: 197
lemmatized_to: throw
context 1: quantity of alcohol and not thrown up at the end of
context 2: vomiting and I have n’t thrown up since I was like
context 3: of vomiting . I 've thrown up 2 times that I

term: younger
frequency: 196
lemmatized_to: young
context 1: to me when i was younger . Growing up though ,
context 2: so bad when I was younger that I had to change
context 3: all are my age or younger , with the majority being

term: Same
frequency: 196
lemmatized_to: same
context 1: love any help possible . Same as all of you ,
context 2: about this via Reddit . Same constellation of symptoms , same
context 3: . * Day 3 : Same as day 2 , but

term: studies
frequency: 194
lemmatized_to: study
context 1: not a lot beyond formal studies to be found on the
context 2: I only agreed to these studies because I ’ve been having
context 3: up by a bunch of studies : 1. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4247306/ 2 .

term: noburpers
frequency: 193
lemmatized_to: noburper
context 1: is crazy ! Hello fellow noburpers ! I could never burp
context 2: Important question for noburpers
context 3: Hello noburpers ! I am so happy

term: Mine
frequency: 193
lemmatized_to: my
context 1: they hurt like hell ? Mine are HORRIBLE . I get
context 2: Mine started right after i got
context 3: supported you with this ? Mine is currently telling me if

term: continued
frequency: 192
lemmatized_to: continue
context 1: few here and there have continued throughout the day . The
context 2: able to burp through * continued effort * . I 've
context 3: gas coming out uncontrollably with continued gurgles . When I took

term: led
frequency: 192
lemmatized_to: lead
context 1: IV in my hand and led me into the OR .
context 2: ) Anyway , this has led to much less discomfort on
context 3: and trouble breathing . This led to grade school me thinking

term: Doctor
frequency: 191
lemmatized_to: doctor
context 1: Please add Minneapolis St Paul Doctor who has done the botox
context 2: This Doctor just completed his first botox
context 3: able to burp . " Doctor 1 congratulated me . Doctor

term: affects
frequency: 191
lemmatized_to: affect
context 1: a simple disorder that really affects quality of life . And
context 2: I do n't think it affects mine , but I have
context 3: Most significantly R - CPD affects my vocal performance abilities as

term: wanting
frequency: 189
lemmatized_to: want
context 1: now that I ’m not wanting to play and I really
context 2: something to do with not wanting to vomit and it being
context 3: feel so many reflex movements wanting to kick in , but

term: Another
frequency: 189
lemmatized_to: another
context 1: Another Dr. Bastian Patient ( #
context 2: &A ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/a745a7/questions_for_people_with_botox/) [ Another more detailed experience ] (
context 3: of muscles ] ( https://www.iffgd.org/commentary/misunderstood-functional-gi-disorders.html). Another [ site ] ( http://www.pamelamorrisonpt.com/specific-conditions/abdomino-phrenic-dyssynergia/)

term: Friday
frequency: 189
lemmatized_to: friday
context 1: . Then skip to last Friday . I was able to
context 2: micro burps . Now the Friday - Sunday weekend was pretty
context 3: detail abt the weekend . Friday had a shit ton of

term: dealt
frequency: 189
lemmatized_to: deal
context 1: confident doctors that I have dealt with in the last year
context 2: before speaking . I have dealt with both of these problems
context 3: again . Has anyone else dealt with anything similar ?

term: released
frequency: 189
lemmatized_to: release
context 1: before only now it is released rather than gurgling back down
context 2: ) , the gas is released from my throat . Anyone
context 3: times . Or well , released air in various quantities (

term: assuming
frequency: 189
lemmatized_to: assume
context 1: somewhere , so I ’m assuming it comes out below rather
context 2: disorder here so i ’m assuming that my doctor will not
context 3: when swallowing . I am assuming it ’s from the cut

term: Usually
frequency: 188
lemmatized_to: usually
context 1: n't try that yet . Usually short quick sometimes painful hiccups
context 2: at loud farts though . Usually when I am lying down
context 3: was having stomach pain . Usually I can force out some

term: May
frequency: 188
lemmatized_to: may
context 1: appointment at the office in May , Barium swallow in June
context 2: got the botox back in May and now I burp during
context 3: my injections ( initially in May 2017 , wore off in

term: waking
frequency: 188
lemmatized_to: wake
context 1: recovery . I felt great waking up and snapped right back
context 2: I knew it I was waking up in recovery . 20
context 3: intellectually . And I love waking up knowing I wo n't

term: lungs
frequency: 187
lemmatized_to: lung
context 1: of something off of my lungs .. I also have had
context 2: out instead of using your lungs . This took a lot
context 3: it ’s pressing against my lungs and it feels like my

term: details
frequency: 187
lemmatized_to: detail
context 1: up at 12 ( now details but fuzzy as I do
context 2: its job and sent the details of the swallow test to
context 3: i do post botox in details : Is there any exercices

term: triggered
frequency: 187
lemmatized_to: trigger
context 1: Do you experience emotionally triggered ( e.g. anxiety ) involuntary
context 2: Anyone have a constantly triggered gag reflex with noburp ?
context 3: . Does anyone else get triggered when eating dry foods ?

term: Other
frequency: 186
lemmatized_to: other
context 1: without vomiting immediately after . Other than my late mom ,
context 2: there ’s multiple gurgles . Other times it sounds like a
context 3: can really get painful . Other than that , I do

term: Anyways
frequency: 185
lemmatized_to: anyways
context 1: who does n’t burp . Anyways - recently I have been
context 2: like twice a year . Anyways when I do it ’s
context 3: be awake for that 😂 Anyways , I 'm just posting

term: realised
frequency: 183
lemmatized_to: realise
context 1: was thinking about this and realised that I used to get
context 2: friend . That day I realised that it ’s not just
context 3: help someone . I first realised I had a problem as

term: mins
frequency: 183
lemmatized_to: minute
context 1: I got bloated about 30 mins before dinner which could be
context 2: I still burp every 20 mins or so which shows me
context 3: woke up 30 - 40 mins later and felt so sick

term: PPI
frequency: 182
lemmatized_to: ppi
context 1: . GERD is treated with PPI ’s Proton Pump Inhibitors (
context 2: ) I have been on PPI ’s for more than 35
context 3: side effects from long term PPI use . Now my Gastroenterologist

term: sounded
frequency: 182
lemmatized_to: sound
context 1: . It was embarrassing and sounded very painful to strangers .
context 2: today though . Some which sounded like I was possessed by
context 3: burps and some that even sounded like the real thing .

term: Wednesday
frequency: 181
lemmatized_to: wednesday
context 1: I was gurgling constantly by Wednesday ) , I was about
context 2: in Irvine , CA this Wednesday !
context 3: Botox 2 days ago ( Wednesday morning ) with Dr Bastian

term: wondered
frequency: 181
lemmatized_to: wonder
context 1: successful claims . I just wondered how people approached this with
context 2: themselves to burp ' and wondered if anyone has and found
context 3: appointment later this week but wondered if anyone else has ever

term: eyes
frequency: 181
lemmatized_to: eye
context 1: face ( especially under my eyes and on my forehead .
context 2: I could barley keep my eyes open tried to go to
context 3: uncomfortable . I had my eyes closed to try and just

term: Why
frequency: 181
lemmatized_to: why
context 1: with my head down . Why must my life be this
context 2: reaction to the medication . Why would a strong anti-inflammatory cause
context 3: for treatment after that . Why does n’t my body work

term: Over
frequency: 180
lemmatized_to: over
context 1: Over the past couple of months
context 2: to my utter amazement . Over the last 2 years or
context 3: feeling in my throat . Over the last 3 months I

term: Again
frequency: 179
lemmatized_to: again
context 1: cup without throwing up . Again , not because I ’m
context 2: , which is unsettling . Again , I do n’t exactly
context 3: was warned might happen . Again though , nothing too bad

term: sticking
frequency: 178
lemmatized_to: stick
context 1: massaging your throat or just sticking your fingers down your throat
context 2: the same thing happen by sticking my fingers down my throat
context 3: pain now I 've tried sticking my fingers down my throat

term: updated
frequency: 177
lemmatized_to: update
context 1: post to keep you guys updated on my progress and to
context 2: I 'll keep you guys updated . My throat feels really
context 3: it 3x / day and updated . Nonetheless , I do

term: Got
frequency: 177
lemmatized_to: get
context 1: a few minutes early . Got to go to Walmart now
context 2: Got procedure , GI doc would
context 3: Got an appointment today with an

term: folks
frequency: 177
lemmatized_to: folk
context 1: wait to read through other folks ' stories here . Pleasure
context 2: of treatment . If local folks teamed up and all went
context 3: surgery more feasible for some folks out there , and b

term: Obviously
frequency: 177
lemmatized_to: obviously
context 1: in like 4 seconds . Obviously I 'm game to get
context 2: by a significant amount . Obviously it sucks because I ca
context 3: image with your throat . Obviously this is easier said than

term: SIBO
frequency: 177
lemmatized_to: sibo
context 1: Noburp , SIBO , or both ?
context 2: else in this sub had SIBO ? I am extremely nauseous
context 3: if I could truly have SIBO . I can barely eat

term: Post
frequency: 177
lemmatized_to: post
context 1: 12 - Day Update - Post - Botox Canada ( YOU
context 2: Post - op day 2 ...
context 3: Post - Botox Throat / Neck

term: opening
frequency: 176
lemmatized_to: open
context 1: to stop my throat from opening to let anything out and
context 2: sides of your throat are opening when you make the inaudible
context 3: . Because the flap is opening now , sometimes I do

term: farting
frequency: 176
lemmatized_to: farting
context 1: of bloated , gurgling , farting , and bubble - in
context 2: 's either that or excessive farting , I swear .
context 3: for over an hour and farting all of the air out

term: confirmed
frequency: 176
lemmatized_to: confirm
context 1: fizzy lemon shot ! They confirmed that my larynx was n't
context 2: this but it was not confirmed . Curious to hear what
context 3: my dad witnessed it and confirmed it sounded like one ,

term: becomes
frequency: 175
lemmatized_to: become
context 1: much as possible until it becomes normal . Hope this helps
context 2: Randomly at times my throat becomes tight , hurts to turn
context 3: so bad that my breathing becomes really erratic and I ca

term: X
frequency: 175
lemmatized_to: x
context 1: OTC stuff like Gas - X , Beano etc. - I
context 2: Has anyone tried Gas - X or other simethicone medication ?
context 3: some chalky shit and they X - ray it going down

term: April
frequency: 175
lemmatized_to: april
context 1: injection under general anesthesia on April 30th . Obviously my surgeon
context 2: . The second time , April 2018 , the botox and
context 3: I got Botox in April of 2023 ( 50 units

term: hands
frequency: 175
lemmatized_to: hand
context 1: anything down my throat i.e hands free ) and I feel
context 2: am finally in the right hands and on the road to
context 3: tense real hard , my hands and neck mainy , it

term: palpitations
frequency: 173
lemmatized_to: palpitation
context 1: Anyone else get heart palpitations along with the gurgles ?
context 2: Heart palpitations , chest pain , and
context 3: , bloating , nausea , palpitations from being anxious due to

term: LOT
frequency: 172
lemmatized_to: lot
context 1: stomach like a balloon a LOT . If I drink hard
context 2: come out ... and A LOT of it
context 3: . This should help A LOT due to the fact that

term: appointments
frequency: 172
lemmatized_to: appointment
context 1: when traveling to and from appointments . When I went to
context 2: ago and they only had appointments in August , granted I
context 3: out to that also had appointments booked with her , or

term: techniques
frequency: 172
lemmatized_to: technique
context 1: this past week trying different techniques to burp to no avail
context 2: similar symptoms , and utilised techniques or medications to help deal
context 3: Are there any techniques or therapies that can be

term: movements
frequency: 172
lemmatized_to: movement
context 1: + really thinking about muscle movements = burping
context 2: smell of my own bowel movements ( which used to never
context 3: could feel so many reflex movements wanting to kick in ,

term: Ca
frequency: 172
lemmatized_to: can
context 1: that surgery I found a Ca n’t Burp Forum where I
context 2: the last 15 years . Ca n't burp ( been like
context 3: Ca n’t believe this subreddit exists

term: failed
frequency: 172
lemmatized_to: fail
context 1: these two ? After botox failed in first round , i
context 2: does that mean my procedure failed ?
context 3: to do if both shots failed ? My distention has gotten

term: intestines
frequency: 172
lemmatized_to: intestine
context 1: is absorbed more in the intestines than air gasses , and
context 2: it gets easily absorbed in intestines . carbon dioxide gets absorbed
context 3: the day my stomach and intestines felt a lot better than

term: added
frequency: 171
lemmatized_to: add
context 1: the symptoms and how much added sugar I consume . These
context 2: pressure test that were apparently added to the invoice in error
context 3: IBS stuff is not fun added with the inability to burp

term: becoming
frequency: 171
lemmatized_to: become
context 1: . Has anyone noticed this becoming much worse on road trips
context 2: I drink and it ’s becoming an issue .
context 3: decreased . But it is becoming more and more dificult to

term: medications
frequency: 171
lemmatized_to: medication
context 1: advice or as - needed medications to help flare - ups
context 2: , and utilised techniques or medications to help deal actively deal
context 3: way it makes you view medications in general . In the

term: concerns
frequency: 171
lemmatized_to: concern
context 1: Instead I combined my indigestion concerns with my love for animals
context 2: me off and ignored my concerns . I have had two
context 3: 3 months . I had concerns about impact on ability to

term: yours
frequency: 171
lemmatized_to: your
context 1: all . How long did yours take ? Any tips ?
context 2: footage . How loud does yours get ? I uploaded a
context 3: did you guys pay for yours ? I also do nt

term: bloating
frequency: 170
lemmatized_to: bloating
context 1: and have gurgles and stomach bloating as often as others express
context 2: pressure in my chest , bloating , nausea , etc .
context 3: be related to gas / bloating ? The reason I 'm

term: LPR
frequency: 170
lemmatized_to: lpr
context 1: or especifically silent GERD or LPR who 's been able to
context 2: ' faux diagnosed ' with LPR , which I believe I
context 3: and doctors and got my LPR diagnosis , but overall dismissal

term: spoke
frequency: 170
lemmatized_to: speak
context 1: close with Dr Bastian and spoke with him several times after
context 2: improve my situation . I spoke to the physician 's assistant
context 3: a week and I finally spoke to my doctor and she

term: Voice
frequency: 170
lemmatized_to: voice
context 1: to go up to Bastian Voice Institute to get the Botox
context 2: Amanda Hu or Pacific Spirit Voice Clinic know that I alerted
context 3: and Dr. Hoesli at Bastian Voice ) and ask all my

term: Toronto
frequency: 169
lemmatized_to: toronto
context 1: , and still reside in Toronto , a large city ,
context 2: appointment with Dr. Anderson ( Toronto , Canada ) , what
context 3: the day ! Dr. Anderson Toronto

term: posting
frequency: 169
lemmatized_to: post
context 1: Anyways , I 'm just posting this in case there 's
context 2: some of you have been posting about the Botox and procedures
context 3: this is my first time posting here as I just found

term: tested
frequency: 169
lemmatized_to: test
context 1: taste . I 'm being tested for gerd or silent gerd
context 2: of RCPD . They just tested me for anything else ,
context 3: soon as possible to get tested .

term: Slow
frequency: 168
lemmatized_to: slow
context 1: or anything like that . Slow and steady is the only
context 2: rcpd hiccup microburp combos !! Slow swallow has kicked in this
context 3: up with no sound . Slow swallow is starting to die

term: THE
frequency: 168
lemmatized_to: the
context 1: trying to help ... BUT THE MEDS HELPED ! They were
context 2: procedure that I call “ THE CURE ” . Most people
context 3: spasm of a hiccup . THE METHOD : I basically create

term: New
frequency: 168
lemmatized_to: new
context 1: New Here , I 'm Genuinely
context 2: a real estate agent in New York City , and a
context 3: burpers ? I live in New Mexico and I 'm trying

term: shakers
frequency: 168
lemmatized_to: shaker
context 1: for neck issues ) \- shakers exercise \- cricoid massage \-
context 2: hopefully less frequent , house shakers ? I 'm day 4
context 3: / throat exercises , like shakers or neck massages , to

term: ears
frequency: 167
lemmatized_to: ear
context 1: head and close to my ears . No matter what I
context 2: I ca n't pop my ears . For instance when your
context 3: . For instance when your ears pop then you hold your

term: August
frequency: 167
lemmatized_to: august
context 1: done by Dr. Bastian on August 17 & 18 and I
context 2: get the procedure done before August to give myself some time
context 3: they only had appointments in August , granted I should 've

term: ENTs
frequency: 167
lemmatized_to: ent
context 1: had little luck with the ENTs ive seen down here .
context 2: go from here , both ENTs who did the botox do
context 3: specialists ( as in , ENTs ) are located an hour

term: papers
frequency: 167
lemmatized_to: paper
context 1: no note to my discharge papers so I thought that was
context 2: any journal articles or scholarly papers they have brought to help
context 3: presented him with a few papers on R - CPD .

term: involved
frequency: 166
lemmatized_to: involve
context 1: except twice . Both times involved turning my head to look
context 2: diffusion , where other muscles involved in breathing might be affected
context 3: whilst working out but it involved some laying down so kind

term: shoulders
frequency: 166
lemmatized_to: shoulder
context 1: tilted to the side , shoulders pulled back ( not sure
context 2: in the back of my shoulders that is unexplainable to anyone
context 3: and makes my arms and shoulders tingle . :)

term: turns
frequency: 166
lemmatized_to: turn
context 1: and dance , my chest turns into a pressure cooker of
context 2: As it turns out , * nothing *
context 3: I was like 5 , turns out my gorilla grip throat

term: leads
frequency: 165
lemmatized_to: lead
context 1: on its own . This leads to a lot of bloating
context 2: is sometimes fine and sometimes leads to gurgles and a lot
context 3: inside of me , which leads to bad nausea . This

term: assumed
frequency: 164
lemmatized_to: assume
context 1: the time my family simply assumed that I did n’t fart
context 2: NoBurpers . I 'd always assumed I was the only one
context 3: be affected . I have assumed they are related but I

term: Kaiser
frequency: 164
lemmatized_to: kaiser
context 1: like the Silver plan with Kaiser Permanente . But I guess
context 2: Kaiser doctor in San Diego
context 3: help get me to a Kaiser doctor that has dealt with

term: Swallowing
frequency: 163
lemmatized_to: swallow
context 1: : Throat very sore . Swallowing harder food is challenging .
context 2: Loud Easy Burp Tutorial Air Swallowing
context 3: and like real burps . Swallowing immediately became more difficult ,

term: understood
frequency: 163
lemmatized_to: understand
context 1: my GP was receptive and understood that the listed symptoms matched
context 2: entire life so far has understood what I mean when I
context 3: but back before I really understood what was going on ,

term: crying
frequency: 163
lemmatized_to: cry
context 1: ... I ’m thinking about crying ... I have never burped
context 2: appointment ended and I started crying . It was that easy
context 3: PLEASE " and panicking and crying because nothing will work ,

term: antacids
frequency: 163
lemmatized_to: antacid
context 1: last year to cut cut antacids out of my life for
context 2: he asked whether I use antacids ) that I 'm unable
context 3: . I used to take antacids to try and relieve the

term: Really
frequency: 163
lemmatized_to: really
context 1: , and swallow it . Really force it down . Repeat
context 2: but I 'm unsure . Really regretting the fizzy drink .
context 3: / control your burping ? Really I am just looking to

term: reduced
frequency: 163
lemmatized_to: reduce
context 1: obvious reasons . It 's reduced my gurgling by a significant
context 2: used to have is now reduced TREMENDOUSLY . I was limiting
context 3: and it already has severely reduced my social activity . Going

term: Spiegel
frequency: 163
lemmatized_to: spiegel
context 1: Pricing for Spiegel ?
context 2: area and went to Dr. Spiegel for my first appointment .
context 3: the first appointment with Dr. Spiegel was $ 690 ( $

term: OP
frequency: 163
lemmatized_to: op
context 1: . UPDATE 1 DAY POST OP : Like some others have
context 2: Today is day 1 post OP and my throat feels weirder
context 3: . UPDATE DAY 2 POST OP : My throat is n't

term: passed
frequency: 163
lemmatized_to: pass
context 1: .. How can I get passed that fear ? Does burping
context 2: I just recently passed the 6 month mark post
context 3: But as the 2 hours passed I have started to feel

term: stressed
frequency: 162
lemmatized_to: stress
context 1: Anyway , I was really stressed and I still am now
context 2: just noticed I was especially stressed in the beginning when it
context 3: only gurgle when I 'm stressed , it gurgles all the

term: hearing
frequency: 162
lemmatized_to: hear
context 1: ; I look forward to hearing some responses .
context 2: outside or far away from hearing distance , take the CURE
context 3: I ’ve been hearing about this Botox procedure that

term: Hoesli
frequency: 162
lemmatized_to: hoesli
context 1: my first appointment with Dr Hoesli at BVI tomorrow . I
context 2: Holmes in Raleigh and Dr. Hoesli at Bastian Voice ) and
context 3: total . Drs. Bastian and Hoesli do most of them ,

term: tho
frequency: 162
lemmatized_to: though
context 1: out . No real burping tho . So that annoyed me
context 2: it became a bad habit tho . I would always tense
context 3: Nah for real tho , I do n’t know

term: Keep
frequency: 161
lemmatized_to: keep
context 1: inaudible ‘ huh ’ . Keep switching between an audible and
context 2: relaxed the whole time . Keep whispering the ‘ huh ’
context 3: make you feel worse . Keep going . It will become

term: explaining
frequency: 161
lemmatized_to: explain
context 1: A page from a book explaining the relaxing method a bit
context 2: them to refer me , explaining I ’ve had these tests
context 3: doctors did a good job explaining the process and keeping me

term: sat
frequency: 161
lemmatized_to: sit
context 1: ! Currently , I ’m sat on the toilet at 3
context 2: that when I stood or sat up perfectly straight , the
context 3: woke up or after I sat on the toilet ? )

term: June
frequency: 161
lemmatized_to: june
context 1: May , Barium swallow in June , and botox on 8/31
context 2: I had my procedure on June 7th , 2021 with 100
context 3: I got botox Saturday , June 19th just over 2 weeks

term: closer
frequency: 161
lemmatized_to: close
context 1: I actually found a doctor closer to me than Chicago !!
context 2: LA who was actually way closer to where I live and
context 3: 2 because they are located closer to home ( 45 mins

term: July
frequency: 160
lemmatized_to: july
context 1: or three days in early July and I was extremely frustrated
context 2: that it was noburp in July , and have spent a
context 3: trying To cure myself since July without much luck , but

term: walking
frequency: 160
lemmatized_to: walk
context 1: I thought if I tried walking to somewhere to sit ,
context 2: sitting up 3. standing / walking When I 'm on my
context 3: I was walking home from the train last

term: During
frequency: 160
lemmatized_to: during
context 1: up through the throat . During this period I was able
context 2: make some involuntary microburps . During this days i 've burped
context 3: do feel dumb !! Lmao During my 2 years of investigation

term: leaning
frequency: 159
lemmatized_to: lean
context 1: out big explosive burps whilst leaning into a sink with my
context 2: year ago when I was leaning over my bathroom sink forcing
context 3: are really bad sometimes when leaning or lying on the left

term: leading
frequency: 159
lemmatized_to: lead
context 1: approved coverage for the procedure leading up to the Botox ,
context 2: last 4 - 5 years leading to bloating everyday and acid
context 3: My story + Timeline leading up to Botox Appt

term: treats
frequency: 158
lemmatized_to: treat
context 1: from Dr Karagama confirming he treats the condition . If you
context 2: staff at the hospital he treats at were great . &#x200B
context 3: only doctors that studied and treats this . Everyone I have

term: breath
frequency: 158
lemmatized_to: breath
context 1: also have had shortness of breath the last few days and
context 2: were to be checking your breath or digging a pair of
context 3: alleviate them by holding my breath until one of those chest

term: disorders
frequency: 157
lemmatized_to: disorder
context 1: TW / eating disorders - Any former bulimics ?
context 2: injections frequently for other voice disorders , he had n't done
context 3: features and pathophysiology of belching disorders

term: sufferers
frequency: 157
lemmatized_to: sufferer
context 1: you fellow R - CPD sufferers . As a child I
context 2: Are there any RCPD sufferers that DO N'T have painful
context 3: many , many chronic gastritis sufferers that also have not found

term: planning
frequency: 156
lemmatized_to: plan
context 1: with . I 'm also planning on seeing a new doctor
context 2: everyone . I am finally planning and about to take the
context 3: done already . I am planning to see Dr. Bastian and

term: Especially
frequency: 156
lemmatized_to: especially
context 1: “ throat ” noises . Especially after meals and if I
context 2: rest of my life . Especially when there ’s a cure
context 3: to drink or swallow . Especially hot liquids seem to come

term: avoiding
frequency: 156
lemmatized_to: avoid
context 1: wind , I 've tried avoiding fizzy drinks , I 've
context 2: flares up . I 'm avoiding this by just sitting at
context 3: anyone have any tips on avoiding this issue ? Any gas

term: places
frequency: 156
lemmatized_to: place
context 1: fart and trying to find places to fart . This is
context 2: of warning , lots of places I anticipated visiting in London
context 3: ( at fancier restaurants and places where burping would be a

term: Eating
frequency: 155
lemmatized_to: eat
context 1: Physical Activity after Eating
context 2: felt almost like choking . Eating is also not that much
context 3: Eating slower

term: Burp
frequency: 155
lemmatized_to: burp
context 1: No Burp and TRT
context 2: year old ’s lifetime No Burp Story
context 3: them that I ca n’t Burp , they look at me

term: levels
frequency: 155
lemmatized_to: level
context 1: anyone else here with similar levels of symptoms or self -
context 2: Gas levels post botox
context 3: and diabetes / blood sugar levels - all normal ( or

term: methods
frequency: 154
lemmatized_to: method
context 1: here , one of the methods that are used to learn
context 2: Are there any techniques or methods one can use to try
context 3: particularly interested in the non-surgical methods ( basically the neck strengthening

term: performed
frequency: 154
lemmatized_to: perform
context 1: , where was your procedure performed at ? I live outside
context 2: . After this procedure is performed , the person is no
context 3: . After this procedure is performed , the person is no

term: ER
frequency: 154
lemmatized_to: er
context 1: Ended up at the ER last night ! Had terrible
context 2: bf dragged me to the ER . They ran some basic
context 3: . I went to the ER when it first happened and

term: larger
frequency: 154
lemmatized_to: large
context 1: from micro burps into some larger , more satisfying burps .
context 2: and inability to swallow pills larger than one of those little
context 3: few months of this , larger amounts of air have started

term: risks
frequency: 154
lemmatized_to: risk
context 1: 0 : Dr went over risks and costs etc. having the
context 2: when I was contemplating the risks , I still had theconcern
context 3: are pretty much general surgery risks ( they have to knock

term: moved
frequency: 154
lemmatized_to: move
context 1: after that . It all moved very fast but I could
context 2: a large ball of air moved up ( the gargles )
context 3: information . Well , I moved out of state in 2016

term: chewing
frequency: 154
lemmatized_to: chew
context 1: this stage . I tried chewing on an antacid but as
context 2: After drinking water . After chewing gum . After literally anything
context 3: squashed as I am busy chewing , talking or some such

term: laughing
frequency: 153
lemmatized_to: laugh
context 1: my life ( besides people laughing at my croaks ) ,
context 2: at dishoom and afterwards whilst laughing felt a few microburps .
context 3: although I 've been imitating laughing and getting micro burps up

term: Tuesday
frequency: 153
lemmatized_to: tuesday
context 1: appointment with a GI on Tuesday , she thinks that if
context 2: night , had my consult Tuesday morning with Dr. Bastian ,
context 3: got my injection done on Tuesday by Dr Schiffer , she

term: caught
frequency: 153
lemmatized_to: catch
context 1: it feels like they get caught up in the chest and
context 2: burps - the first one caught me so off guard I
context 3: it 's needed but I caught the train for 4 hours

term: leaving
frequency: 152
lemmatized_to: leave
context 1: to the feeling of air leaving your body this way ,
context 2: 2 hours later I was leaving the hospital , feeling fine
context 3: just upping my dosage and leaving it at that ( often

term: Hu
frequency: 152
lemmatized_to: hu
context 1: botox injection from Dr. Amanda Hu at the UBC Hospital in
context 2: close to getting Dr. Amanda Hu to administer the botox a
context 3: , I let Dr. Amanda Hu or Pacific Spirit Voice Clinic

term: Doctors
frequency: 152
lemmatized_to: doctor
context 1: of something similar ? P.s. Doctors I 've seen just kind
context 2: as a noburper : - Doctors have looked at me befuddled
context 3: of this evil bloat . Doctors are telling me it 's

term: ….
frequency: 152
lemmatized_to: ..
context 1: x - ray of colon …. what did it show …
context 2: full blown choke fest again …. could n’t breathe , swallow
context 3: Google search about no burp …. and IT HAD A NAME

term: Anderson
frequency: 152
lemmatized_to: anderson
context 1: had first appointment with Dr. Anderson ( Toronto , Canada )
context 2: referred me to Dr Jennifer Anderson , and I had my
context 3: 's the day ! Dr. Anderson Toronto

term: Many
frequency: 151
lemmatized_to: many
context 1: gurgle into a burp ? Many burpers tell me to suck
context 2: Cavity above the diagram . Many of you may experience Heartburn
context 3: about this Botox treatment ? Many thanks !

term: kids
frequency: 151
lemmatized_to: kid
context 1: me as i always wanted kids . Has anyone else had
context 2: in kindergarten there were these kids who would willingly burp the
context 3: Growing up as kids did we ever actually want

term: FODMAP
frequency: 151
lemmatized_to: fodmap
context 1: gluten free diet , low FODMAP diet , yoga , working
context 2: it worth trying the low FODMAP diet ? I know it
context 3: I began following a low FODMAP diet about a month ago

term: listed
frequency: 150
lemmatized_to: list
context 1: receptive and understood that the listed symptoms matched my own .
context 2: I speak below those notes listed above , but certain vocalizations
context 3: , which i 've seen listed as 12 months . Also

term: December
frequency: 150
lemmatized_to: december
context 1: and it ’s happening in December ! Is there anyone who
context 2: with the Voice Institute for December 8th and 9th ! I
context 3: worse and worse . In December it happened : I woke

term: standing
frequency: 150
lemmatized_to: stand
context 1: deep breaths while sitting / standing up perfectly straight seems to
context 2: incredibly embarrassing as for anybody standing outside it sounds like I
context 3: to double up and stay standing up straight . If it

term: steps
frequency: 150
lemmatized_to: step
context 1: , I ran up my steps , shaking up the contents
context 2: can anyone help me with steps to see whoever it is
context 3: First steps to diagnosis and treatment

term: pounds
frequency: 150
lemmatized_to: pound
context 1: years old I weighed 360 pounds . When I told my
context 2: , and I lost 115 pounds . The CURE is a
context 3: started piling on the lean pounds and generally developing myself into

term: docs
frequency: 150
lemmatized_to: doc
context 1: and hypertensive UES but the docs think there ’s not much
context 2: to that . My GI docs mentioned that acid reflux can
context 3: to it . Clearly my docs have never heard of this

term: Wow
frequency: 149
lemmatized_to: wow
context 1: Wow ! I ca n’t believe
context 2: Wow , I thought this was
context 3: Wow ! And I thought I

term: expecting
frequency: 149
lemmatized_to: expect
context 1: his website ) . Was expecting to get knocked back but
context 2: . ” I was n’t expecting him to feel this horrible
context 3: for it . I was expecting to have to explain everything

term: Air
frequency: 149
lemmatized_to: air
context 1: Burping bs Air vomiting
context 2: Burp Loud Easy Burp Tutorial Air Swallowing
context 3: I ve found I take Air in which I can just

term: cheaper
frequency: 149
lemmatized_to: cheap
context 1: than full surgery ( much cheaper )
context 2: I decided to exhaust the cheaper alternatives first . I started
context 3: insurance and it would be cheaper if I just went to

term: writing
frequency: 149
lemmatized_to: write
context 1: 's office . I 'm writing about this because a )
context 2: starving . I ’m not writing this to put anyway off
context 3: such , I 'm mainly writing this to give non-GERD people

term: wrote
frequency: 149
lemmatized_to: write
context 1: I wrote an article about not burping
context 2: restrictive eating . He also wrote in the referral to the
context 3: grammar after reading what I wrote more sober the next day

term: worn
frequency: 149
lemmatized_to: wear
context 1: years now I 've only worn trousers that are too wide
context 2: believe the botox is completely worn off by now , which
context 3: 8 :( had it already worn off ?!

term: feelings
frequency: 148
lemmatized_to: feeling
context 1: one of the most validating feelings I have ever had ..
context 2: . Anyone else have similar feelings ?
context 3: gas : bloating , stabbing feelings in my chest , and

term: allowed
frequency: 148
lemmatized_to: allow
context 1: , so I think that allowed something to loosen at just
context 2: , ( am I still allowed to be here !? )
context 3: Canada . They 're not allowed to she says . Anyway

term: Finally
frequency: 148
lemmatized_to: finally
context 1: Finally summoning explosive burps
context 2: throat is most relaxed . Finally , do n't get too
context 3: out and have fun . Finally just called it quits on

term: updates
frequency: 148
lemmatized_to: update
context 1: would love to get any updates from those who have had
context 2: days ... I 'll post updates of my progress , hopefully
context 3: add to the knowledge / updates that others have posted who

term: BUT
frequency: 148
lemmatized_to: but
context 1: just trying to help ... BUT THE MEDS HELPED ! They
context 2: swallow lots of air . BUT now that I 'm mindful
context 3: feel and look better . BUT I ’m still bloated by

term: keeps
frequency: 148
lemmatized_to: keep
context 1: blockage in my esophagus that keeps me from being able to
context 2: worse at night and it keeps me up . Also ,
context 3: an issue since my diet keeps the gurgles away .

term: October
frequency: 148
lemmatized_to: october
context 1: , returned to Illinois in October 2017 ) . I ca
context 2: Ms Lucy Hicklin for early October !
context 3: saw Dr Karagama on 29th October to confirm my self diagnosis

term: releasing
frequency: 147
lemmatized_to: release
context 1: have that relief of it releasing through the sound . I
context 2: : Still going strong on releasing air whenever needed , life
context 3: % when it comes to releasing the burps ( still having

term: closest
frequency: 147
lemmatized_to: close
context 1: in California who was the closest doctor known for treating RCPD
context 2: It 's the closest doctor to me ( Greece
context 3: Laryngology so he ’s the closest I ’ve got to a

term: YouTube
frequency: 147
lemmatized_to: youtube
context 1: bought sparkling water , watched YouTube videos and tried to teach
context 2: 've seen this tip on YouTube and elsewhere for years as
context 3: tracking my progress on a YouTube channel and will carry on

term: stronger
frequency: 145
lemmatized_to: strong
context 1: ’ll hopefully get a second stronger dose . I have my
context 2: , what muscles are getting stronger during the shaker exercises to
context 3: of my body and are stronger than regular hiccups . Now

term: noticing
frequency: 144
lemmatized_to: notice
context 1: So far I 'm not noticing a difference , I still
context 2: days now and am already noticing results . I ’ve been
context 3: was when I really started noticing the negative effects of not

term: DO
frequency: 144
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: . James E. Kuderer , DO Ear , Nose & Throat
context 2: I try to burp and DO ! I am optimistic it
context 3: normal self . SERIOUSLY ! DO NOT BE NERVOUS ! I

term: Feel
frequency: 144
lemmatized_to: feel
context 1: anymore ! ) etc . Feel free to ask me any
context 2: updated with my progress . Feel free to ask any questions
context 3: inward when feeling bloated . Feel the gas moving inside you

term: Google
frequency: 143
lemmatized_to: google
context 1: CREON ( Needs prescription ) Google it , do n’t just
context 2: decided the other day to Google it again and here was
context 3: randomly decided to do a Google search about no burp ….

term: PPIs
frequency: 143
lemmatized_to: ppis
context 1: pylori tests , and switched PPIs to manage awful reflux .
context 2: doctors they put me on PPIs for acid reflux and also
context 3: PPIs helped a bit , worried

term: Institute
frequency: 142
lemmatized_to: institute
context 1: go up to Bastian Voice Institute to get the Botox procedure
context 2: i got to Bastian Voice Institute , they did the endoscopy
context 3: Scheduled Procedure with Voice Institute !

term: Getting
frequency: 141
lemmatized_to: get
context 1: Getting back to school
context 2: minor temporary relief . - Getting a cold is the worst
context 3: . ** The injection ** Getting needles in my throat when

term: Idk
frequency: 141
lemmatized_to: idk
context 1: sounds every second lol . Idk . So idk do i
context 2: Somewhat solution ... possibly ? Idk
context 3: Idk if I belong here but

term: stretches
frequency: 141
lemmatized_to: stretche
context 1: I notice people speaking of stretches that helped them or exercises
context 2: many others ) \- neck stretches \- chin tucks and head
context 3: I have seen techniques and stretches that are similar to this

term: November
frequency: 141
lemmatized_to: november
context 1: had the botox procedure in November of 2022 . Did not
context 2: 20 ) . End of November i felt worse and worse
context 3: At the consultation ( in November ) , I met Dr.

term: sooner
frequency: 141
lemmatized_to: soon
context 1: currently feel disheartened ( probably sooner than necessary ) because I
context 2: I feel sick from eating sooner and sooner . Sometimes I
context 3: sick from eating sooner and sooner . Sometimes I do n't

term: sounding
frequency: 140
lemmatized_to: sound
context 1: My fiancé describes it as sounding like I ’m forcing a
context 2: : Having infrequent and gross sounding micro- burps particularly after drinking
context 3: 5 + large , normal sounding burps . I burped more

term: Both
frequency: 140
lemmatized_to: both
context 1: burp , except twice . Both times involved turning my head
context 2: reflex just releases gas . Both bring considerable relief . When
context 3: burping after the procedure . Both of these things are a

term: required
frequency: 140
lemmatized_to: require
context 1: the procedure , as is required . I can pick you
context 2: there will be further investigation required . Has anyone had good
context 3: post botox - hand hold required !

term: Eventually
frequency: 139
lemmatized_to: eventually
context 1: finally figure it out . Eventually I could make myself burp
context 2: ALWAYS more phlegm there . Eventually I have to swallow it
context 3: tilting my head back . Eventually I started having tiny burps

term: removed
frequency: 139
lemmatized_to: remove
context 1: [ removed ]
context 2: [ removed ]
context 3: [ removed ]

term: relieved
frequency: 138
lemmatized_to: relieve
context 1: very violently , I was relieved for the time being .
context 2: ' cause I 'm immediately relieved once it happens , puke
context 3: subreddit exists and I 'm relieved that there are others like

term: abs
frequency: 138
lemmatized_to: ab
context 1: to do is tense your abs like your trying to force
context 2: about 5 “ burps ” abs a few micro burps .
context 3: push it out with your abs . Then , I saw

term: Went
frequency: 138
lemmatized_to: go
context 1: from seeing my GP . Went a lot more positively than
context 2: Saturday was stress filled . Went on a 2h road trip
context 3: Aka did n’t help . Went to bed . When falling

term: watching
frequency: 138
lemmatized_to: watch
context 1: ca n't burp I recommend watching " Neck exercise that cured
context 2: was on aka my dad watching tv so I just started
context 3: , bloated as hell , watching the room spin , and

term: affecting
frequency: 138
lemmatized_to: affect
context 1: serious condition and it is affecting people ’s lives ! We
context 2: n't breathe . It started affecting my work performance so I
context 3: eating in general which is affecting my training . 3 .

term: laughed
frequency: 138
lemmatized_to: laugh
context 1: me befuddled or have literally laughed when I ’ve told them
context 2: congratulated me . Doctor 2 laughed . Doctor 3 said if
context 3: it , I 've been laughed at so much and I

term: More
frequency: 137
lemmatized_to: more
context 1: do a traditional burp . More able to cough the gas
context 2: then with my progress . More to document it for myself
context 3: ( i.e. sphincter ) . More on this decision later .

term: Personally
frequency: 137
lemmatized_to: personally
context 1: make it go away . Personally , I 've noticed that
context 2: down in the video . Personally , I would more often
context 3: ” on the scale . Personally I am a 21 y

term: cramps
frequency: 136
lemmatized_to: cramp
context 1: fizzy drinks , also stomach cramps and trapped wind , the
context 2: a sore esophagus and stomach cramps . I have avoided fizzy
context 3: night ! Had terrible stomach cramps and fainted .

term: Throat
frequency: 136
lemmatized_to: throat
context 1: . 1 Day After : Throat very sore . Swallowing harder
context 2: DO Ear , Nose & Throat Park Nicollet Clinic and Specialty
context 3: . Some throat massages . Throat Chakra Meditation . To all

term: singing
frequency: 136
lemmatized_to: sing
context 1: grievance is that it makes singing harder ; I like to
context 2: today . My Botox / singing frog eviction is happening in
context 3: non-burping muscle thing might affect singing at all . I do

term: Thursday
frequency: 136
lemmatized_to: thursday
context 1: last night . Today ( Thursday ) I ’m going to
context 2: Martinelli 's sparkling cider on Thursday night and probably had 5
context 3: 'm getting the procedure next Thursday and I 'm SO excited

term: stretched
frequency: 136
lemmatized_to: stretch
context 1: up of air that has stretched my stomach out over the
context 2: or possibly diaphragm ? He stretched really big and took a
context 3: of gas …? Distended / stretched colon Stool … ?

term: prepared
frequency: 136
lemmatized_to: prepare
context 1: took a deep breath and prepared myself to reveal a lifelong
context 2: . I went in fully prepared with research on what was
context 3: I had a whole speech prepared for him to explain why

term: searching
frequency: 135
lemmatized_to: search
context 1: more people still on here searching for relief , and contemplating
context 2: agony , my mother was searching my symptoms up in a
context 3: first round , i 'm searching for alternatives , that do

term: lasts
frequency: 134
lemmatized_to: last
context 1: more instant relief . This lasts for perhaps half a second
context 2: am bloated but that only lasts a few hours . And
context 3: lucky that it works and lasts !! Thanks so much in

term: Having
frequency: 134
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: http://laryngopedia.com/inability-to-burp/) ** Day 2** : Having infrequent and gross sounding micro-
context 2: Having to explain the throat gargles
context 3: any solids or liquids . Having liquids makes it so much

term: heaving
frequency: 134
lemmatized_to: heave
context 1: but just ended up dry heaving like crazy . I feel
context 2: I 'd end up dry heaving after maybe an hour or
context 3: the way up to dry heaving / dry vomiting . After

term: Surgery
frequency: 134
lemmatized_to: surgery
context 1: am scheduled for Hiatal Hernia Surgery for the second time ,
context 2: : - Day 0 : Surgery went well . It was
context 3: Surgery tomorrow with Dr. Verma in

term: Happy
frequency: 134
lemmatized_to: happy
context 1: idea there were others !!! Happy New Year lol , I
context 2: I ca n't burp . Happy to see that I am
context 3: I ’ve ever had ! Happy to see where this goes

term: events
frequency: 134
lemmatized_to: event
context 1: to air vomit ! Before events such as weddings about killed
context 2: if needed or avoid certain events . I feel brighter ,
context 3: concerts , movies , sporting events , etc had become nearly

term: Sounds
frequency: 134
lemmatized_to: sound
context 1: my cheeks with air ?? Sounds weird but does kind of
context 2: on the left side . Sounds like a slow turn signal
context 3: my fear of vomiting . Sounds dumb when I type it

term: factors
frequency: 133
lemmatized_to: factor
context 1: blood tests showed abnormal clotting factors so she is referring me
context 2: as there were so many factors that possibly contributed , but
context 3: I can list two possible factors : - Weight gain .

term: complications
frequency: 133
lemmatized_to: complication
context 1: ! There may be further complications .
context 2: go round , and any complications ? To better aid you
context 3: and did n't mention any complications , but I 'm still

term: ALL
frequency: 133
lemmatized_to: all
context 1: rather than waiting for it ALL to pass through the body
context 2: . I ’ve felt sick ALL day and the funny thing
context 3: you if you fart literally ALL the time , but that

term: Everything
frequency: 133
lemmatized_to: everything
context 1: at a chinese restaurant . Everything was fine , I was
context 2: This subreddit . Is . Everything . This subreddit is my
context 3: Things to avoid consuming ** Everything . Our life sucks .

term: dat
frequency: 133
lemmatized_to: that
context 1: en vind meer en meer dat mensen hiervoor een botox -
context 2: zou er rekening mee houden dat het meer dan 6 maanden
context 3: tegen mij zei de telefoniste dat het juni wordt … (

term: guessing
frequency: 132
lemmatized_to: guess
context 1: no relief . I ’m guessing for whatever reason my stomach
context 2: go ahead . I ’m guessing I ’ll just wait for
context 3: the process . I 'm guessing that 's what 's making

term: Overall
frequency: 132
lemmatized_to: overall
context 1: and chose to delay . Overall the surgery was quite easy
context 2: the damn cough drop . Overall , my advice is to
context 3: to try my best . Overall impression : I feel much

term: taught
frequency: 132
lemmatized_to: teach
context 1: princess . She was being taught how to act properly and
context 2: . I found someone who taught me how to force the
context 3: trapped air what I have taught my self to do is

term: min
frequency: 132
lemmatized_to: minute
context 1: that as he could but min 75 ) Bit tired and
context 2: relief . And literally 30 min ago , I was so
context 3: light . Woke up 20ish min later with a small coughing

term: included
frequency: 132
lemmatized_to: include
context 1: able to burp ... myself included but are there any positives
context 2: Dr Hicklin listed side effects included breathing problems but she said
context 3: . In the email I included loads of resources from the

term: depends
frequency: 132
lemmatized_to: depend
context 1: 15 times . This obviously depends on what source you ’re
context 2: ) . Also it heavily depends on what I ate .
context 3: but it is something that depends on your insurance . The

term: His
frequency: 131
lemmatized_to: his
context 1: His excitement at a little micro-burp
context 2: without botox . [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA) His Reddit post about it can
context 3: discuss R - CPD . His name is Dr. Michael Lerner

term: periods
frequency: 131
lemmatized_to: period
context 1: on your back for extended periods of time seems to help
context 2: struggling with please : LONG periods of exercise ( running for
context 3: ago they started disappearing for periods of time . In those

term: breaths
frequency: 131
lemmatized_to: breath
context 1: lessened significantly . Taking deep breaths while sitting / standing up
context 2: them when I take deep breaths . They do n't hurt
context 3: and ca n’t take deep breaths . on top of that

term: reached
frequency: 131
lemmatized_to: reach
context 1: be published and we have reached the maximum numbers of signatures
context 2: problem . However when I reached about 18 it progressively got
context 3: From the first time you reached out to your primary care

term: w
frequency: 130
lemmatized_to: with
context 1: on a 2h road trip w my dad to look at
context 2: ) . In the car w my dad rn on the
context 3: lay on the bathroom floor w my ass out covered in

term: Being
frequency: 130
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: the horrible after effects . Being so bloated and full to
context 2: now and realised why . Being able to burp has done
context 3: tonight . ” 7 . Being deathly afraid of coffee ,

term: stumbled
frequency: 130
lemmatized_to: stumble
context 1: about this subrebbit when he stumbled upon it a few days
context 2: my life , then I stumbled on this glorious subreddit and
context 3: I just stumbled upon this thread and I

term: born
frequency: 129
lemmatized_to: bear
context 1: with , as I was born , raised , and still
context 2: tbh , as I was born in the darkness after all
context 3: no -burper since I was born , so I question if

term: satisfying
frequency: 129
lemmatized_to: satisfy
context 1: 've been having these gorgeous satisfying belches instead of my usual
context 2: big , deep , super satisfying burps you hear from people
context 3: . Just loads of amazing satisfying burps ! Going out for

term: forgot
frequency: 129
lemmatized_to: forget
context 1: know right away that I forgot to take it . It
context 2: person who signed me in forgot to actually put me in
context 3: is normal after endoscopy but forgot not to eat spicy food

term: moments
frequency: 129
lemmatized_to: moment
context 1: where I 've had random moments where I burp , but
context 2: heart . I 've had moments before when it feels like
context 3: have to cough at unexpected moments . No burps yet .

term: lbs
frequency: 129
lemmatized_to: lb
context 1: I ’ve lost another 12 lbs and I was n’t able
context 2: 25 , male , 130 lbs . I ’ve only ever
context 3: stopped eating , lost 10 lbs , and became suicidal .

term: Recently
frequency: 128
lemmatized_to: recently
context 1: which method I tried . Recently though I switched to an
context 2: makes me feel miserable . Recently I 've stopped drinking any
context 3: Recently When trying to squat at

term: built
frequency: 128
lemmatized_to: build
context 1: occurred because too much gas built up and my stomach forced
context 2: problem due to the constant built up pressure in the chest
context 3: like heaven . All that built up pressure just let itself

term: Ms
frequency: 128
lemmatized_to: ms
context 1: for R - CPD with Ms Lucy Hicklin at Parkside Hospital
context 2: injection in the UK by Ms Hicklin . The problem is
context 3: Appointment booked with Ms Lucy Hicklin for early October

term: trained
frequency: 128
lemmatized_to: train
context 1: ’s almost like my body trained itself to not burp ?
context 2: Has anyone trained themselves to burp without botox
context 3: Botox wears off I 've trained my UES to work properly

term: Me
frequency: 128
lemmatized_to: i
context 1: you drinking it ? " Me ; " Waiting for the
context 2: Used Essential Oils to Help Me Burp
context 3: know this isnt a Just Me Being Unnormal And Fucked Up

term: calling
frequency: 127
lemmatized_to: call
context 1: forever and people would start calling me out on it .
context 2: I finally got around to calling Dr. Bastian 's office to
context 3: Australia . I ’ll be calling every doctor in town !!

term: Should
frequency: 127
lemmatized_to: should
context 1: a very rare burp . Should I stay optimistic ? did
context 2: no additional stomach issues . Should be an interesting morning !
context 3: ? Food to eat ? Should i drink fuzzy drinks ?

term: Luckily
frequency: 127
lemmatized_to: luckily
context 1: right side if needed . Luckily I 've found a couple
context 2: when I ’m not ! Luckily my best friend has started
context 3: Botox procedure done eventually ? Luckily I live quite close to

term: Plus
frequency: 127
lemmatized_to: plus
context 1: difference it has made , Plus I look a lot better
context 2: regurgitating would last longer . Plus burping does n’t seem very
context 3: a bubble of air . Plus the demonic frog noises that

term: PCP
frequency: 127
lemmatized_to: pcp
context 1: Just met with a new PCP and asked for a referral
context 2: make an appointment with my PCP and start talking about this
context 3: I followed up with my PCP , who actually helped me

term: AND
frequency: 126
lemmatized_to: and
context 1: truly think it helps ... AND it provides relief in the
context 2: ! I am SO excited AND a little apprehensive . I
context 3: 40 units is consistently working AND the best part is the

term: exists
frequency: 126
lemmatized_to: exist
context 1: ca n't believe this place exists .
context 2: 's cool that this subreddit exists and I 'm relieved that
context 3: Ca n’t believe this subreddit exists

term: cried
frequency: 126
lemmatized_to: cry
context 1: ” And I could ’ve cried from hope and anticipation of
context 2: I was so relieved I cried . After that accidental discovery
context 3: a new woman , I cried in gratitude it truly was

term: mixed
frequency: 126
lemmatized_to: mix
context 1: make sense or I 've mixed up terminology , I 'm
context 2: a lot of beer / mixed drinks , which to be
context 3: to be some regurgitated food mixed with stomach acid because it

term: decades
frequency: 126
lemmatized_to: decade
context 1: Curp ) . Now ( decades later ) , I do
context 2: could n't do this for decades , and I have no
context 3: at bay for nearly two decades . Well it 's not

term: gained
frequency: 126
lemmatized_to: gain
context 1: my throat softened . I gained more control over the volume
context 2: time and now I have gained the ability to burp after
context 3: observations for others who suddenly gained the ability to burp :

term: depending
frequency: 125
lemmatized_to: depend
context 1: than once a month , depending on my diet . I
context 2: is important to mention , depending on the work you do
context 3: procedure ( 2 - 3hrs depending on LA traffic ) .

term: F
frequency: 125
lemmatized_to: f
context 1: people ! I 'm 27 F , and have never voluntarily
context 2: before . I 'm 21 F with r-cpd . I 've
context 3: all , I 'm 30 F and got the botox injection

term: provided
frequency: 125
lemmatized_to: provide
context 1: Ps - this thread has provided me so much joy knowing
context 2: has this , every symptom provided is something I have and
context 3: , essays or info you provided that help you plead your

term: Gas
frequency: 125
lemmatized_to: gas
context 1: me " Can you Pass Gas normally " , my reply
context 2: relief from OTC stuff like Gas - X , Beano etc.
context 3: Has anyone tried Gas - X or other simethicone

term: points
frequency: 125
lemmatized_to: point
context 1: . Here are a key points of my life as a
context 2: few days . Few other points : - Karagama said they
context 3: your chin area as she points out . I believe both

term: Perhaps
frequency: 125
lemmatized_to: perhaps
context 1: anyone have any tips ? Perhaps breathing techniques , changes in
context 2: people can from birth . Perhaps many of you wo n't
context 3: , but it has . Perhaps if anyone else is on

term: ta
frequency: 124
lemmatized_to: to
context 1: any more . I got ta admit , this procedure affected
context 2: vomiting ? Something 's got ta give , the pain from
context 3: endoscopy , and I got ta say it was unpleasant ,

term: ups
frequency: 124
lemmatized_to: up
context 1: medications to help flare - ups please let me know !!
context 2: this morning whilst doing pull ups . I think it 's
context 3: to burp , the pull ups definitely seemed to expell air

term: shows
frequency: 123
lemmatized_to: show
context 1: but as someone that always shows up on time it seemed
context 2: :’ ) As this subreddit shows how debilitating yet common noburp
context 3: 20 mins or so which shows me how much air I

term: cords
frequency: 123
lemmatized_to: cord
context 1: everything from my aggravated vocal cords to my inability to eat
context 2: down to acid burning my cords in the night ) .
context 3: the muscles of the vocal cords causing muscle relaxation . Wondering

term: Someone
frequency: 123
lemmatized_to: someone
context 1: of embarrassment for me . Someone once asked if I was
context 2: joined this because I saw Someone post this too but luckily
context 3: Someone was disgusted at me gagging

term: Lots
frequency: 122
lemmatized_to: lot
context 1: way " pretty frequently . Lots of coughing . I 'm
context 2: 'll be short term . Lots of burps and I feel
context 3: Lots of gas …? Distended /

term: tears
frequency: 122
lemmatized_to: tear
context 1: tube [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_P4K1tyAEHY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P4K1tyAEHY)I was in tears . I ’m sure Botox
context 2: I actually shed a few tears of happiness after I got
context 3: at least 5 minuets with tears streaming , makeup running ,

term: Probably
frequency: 122
lemmatized_to: probably
context 1: can catch my breathe . Probably just a heartburn thing but
context 2: n't give much release . Probably has something to do with
context 3: either just ignore me ( Probably due to confusion ) or

term: children
frequency: 122
lemmatized_to: child
context 1: sure to burp both my children all the time when they
context 2: as a child as most children are . I also dealt
context 3: fine , but all 3 children are no -burpers oddly enough

term: Take
frequency: 122
lemmatized_to: take
context 1: &#x200B ; Step 2 : Take a medium sized breath ,
context 2: in . Not out . Take a sharp breath in when
context 3: pinching with fingers 2 . Take a deep breath 3 .

term: agreed
frequency: 122
lemmatized_to: agree
context 1: before , but we both agreed the pain was very likely
context 2: , Dr. Amanda Hu has agreed to give me 50 -
context 3: my cricolarengyeal muscle . She agreed to repeat in 4 months

term: DAY
frequency: 122
lemmatized_to: day
context 1: Burp on . UPDATE 1 DAY POST OP : Like some
context 2: my flight home . UPDATE DAY 2 POST OP : My
context 3: my throat . UPDATE STILL DAY 2 POST OP : I

term: Who
frequency: 121
lemmatized_to: who
context 1: IBS in a way ? Who knows ? I know I
context 2: burping , a skill . Who knew ! I 'll have
context 3: stumbled upon this group . Who knew there was a whole

term: Yesterday
frequency: 121
lemmatized_to: yesterday
context 1: croaks and gurgles too ! Yesterday I chugged way too much
context 2: treated was a miracle . Yesterday I was injected with the
context 3: it did n’t work ! Yesterday , I had some pretty

term: Burps
frequency: 121
lemmatized_to: burp
context 1: with most of them . Burps then compete with swallowing which
context 2: No Burps - 43 years and counting
context 3: Burps slowing down

term: curing
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: cure
context 1: in reaching a goal of curing my no -burp problem here
context 2: AMAZING success rate . Actually curing a chronic condition with something
context 3: there is real hope in curing our ungodly condition ! Had

term: Right
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: right
context 1: off a little more . Right now we anticipate the study
context 2: theory ? Encouraging words ? Right now I ’m scared that
context 3: it gave INSTANT relief . Right afterwards I was able to

term: Australia
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: australia
context 1: happy to travel anywhere in Australia , or even New Zealand
context 2: Anyone in Australia who has had this procedure
context 3: 'm wondering if anyone in Australia has had it done and

term: numbing
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: numb
context 1: to use more of the numbing spray on my nose than
context 2: my nose along with the numbing spray . They looked at
context 3: of the bitterness of the numbing spray and added peppermint oil

term: September
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: september
context 1: Botox procedure on the 29th September . Just going to update
context 2: I 'm moving countries in September and I am absolutely desperate
context 3: upper and lower endoscopy in September , the results of which

term: stops
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: stop
context 1: does n't matter . It stops when I lie down its
context 2: it absolutely debilitating . It stops me from getting my job
context 3: struggling to breathe ) it stops me in my tracks and

term: uses
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: use
context 1: 'm having the procedure at uses . I 've got a
context 2: O'Dell is that her office uses a different insurance code for
context 3: And thats the amount she uses to treat other throat problems

term: thats
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: that
context 1: often . But the thing thats really lowered my quality of
context 2: cant solve the issue but thats the thing is I do
context 3: get gurgling as bad so thats good , but i do

term: doses
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: dose
context 1: minimal than with really high doses . I found that to
context 2: experiences are with the higher doses …
context 3: as he can do higher doses but under general anaesthetic .

term: Yep
frequency: 120
lemmatized_to: yep
context 1: off the coffee table ... Yep - that 's what vomit
context 2: this everyday . Farting : Yep . Try spending an extra
context 3: , and some water . Yep water . I just want

term: Where
frequency: 119
lemmatized_to: where
context 1: since noticed it myself . Where ( most ) people around
context 2: Where is everyone located ?
context 3: I honestly could cry . Where have you guys been all

term: belches
frequency: 119
lemmatized_to: belche
context 1: contantly , sometimes impossibly intense belches . This is going to
context 2: been having these gorgeous satisfying belches instead of my usual reptilian
context 3: bunch of tiny " baby belches " that still never feels

term: Been
frequency: 119
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: me feel much calmer . Been this way all my life
context 2: gluten and cheese . ( Been on this diet for 2
context 3: what made me try . Been able to squeeze a fair

term: waited
frequency: 119
lemmatized_to: wait
context 1: horrendous . First , I waited for over two hours for
context 2: procedure . After that I waited only a few more mins
context 3: to a room where I waited for Dr Hoesli ( my

term: filled
frequency: 118
lemmatized_to: fill
context 1: uncomfortable when you get that filled bubble feeling in your stomach
context 2: Saturday . Saturday was stress filled . Went on a 2h
context 3: . Sunday was a day filled with the same awful rcpd

term: playing
frequency: 118
lemmatized_to: play
context 1: gurgles get so much worse playing after playing sport
context 2: so much worse playing after playing sport
context 3: fair bit of water after playing football / soccer . It

term: watched
frequency: 118
lemmatized_to: watch
context 1: stuff while I was being watched with the xray . After
context 2: procedure costs . When I watched a video on you -
context 3: I bought sparkling water , watched YouTube videos and tried to

term: spasms
frequency: 118
lemmatized_to: spasm
context 1: where my head kind of spasms until I can catch my
context 2: I think it was esophageal spasms that were causing the heart
context 3: have had quiet a few spasms throughout which i hate and

term: Going
frequency: 117
lemmatized_to: go
context 1: What an easy surgery . Going to practice the intentional use
context 2: of amazing satisfying burps ! Going out for a meal is
context 3: . I am miserable . Going out at night is out

term: occasions
frequency: 117
lemmatized_to: occasion
context 1: ? I find on rare occasions it happens when I swallow
context 2: try . On very rare occasions if I drink a bit
context 3: I ’ve had a couple occasions where I fell asleep and

term: Welcome
frequency: 117
lemmatized_to: welcome
context 1: Welcome , those from the reddit
context 2: are discovering each other . Welcome to the club of bloated
context 3: Welcome to / r/ noburp ,

term: loads
frequency: 117
lemmatized_to: load
context 1: works , you 'll feel loads better ! I used to
context 2: no ill effects . Just loads of amazing satisfying burps !
context 3: easier and enjoyable . And loads of other things , really

term: hopes
frequency: 117
lemmatized_to: hope
context 1: chest like a gorilla in hopes that the pounding would ease
context 2: tried this for weeks in hopes of success when I felt
context 3: . Dr. Schindler said he hopes to get me scheduled for

term: offered
frequency: 117
lemmatized_to: offer
context 1: true solution has never been offered . - I often experience
context 2: it did for me and offered to send him Dr. Bastian
context 3: of my symptoms , being offered an endoscopy but being told

term: nurses
frequency: 117
lemmatized_to: nurse
context 1: nervous but all of the nurses and doctors did a good
context 2: O'Dell and the USC Keck nurses were all just really wonderful
context 3: I guess , but the nurses that looked after me after

term: ran
frequency: 116
lemmatized_to: run
context 1: feeling like exploding , I ran up my steps , shaking
context 2: for 3 days while they ran tests or whatever until they
context 3: to the ER . They ran some basic tests ( EKG

term: deeper
frequency: 116
lemmatized_to: deep
context 1: . So I 'm digging deeper through this period . I
context 2: would . It ’s a deeper soreness than I am use
context 3: , and also to delve deeper into some thoughts or give

term: Lol
frequency: 116
lemmatized_to: lol
context 1: being a learnable skill . Lol , burping , a skill
context 2: husband had that condition . Lol ! ” 5 . Farting
context 3: really really nice vacation !! Lol Just wanted to hear from

term: describing
frequency: 116
lemmatized_to: describe
context 1: as to what I was describing . I left a message
context 2: this subreddit full of users describing the exact same symptoms I
context 3: the symptoms people have been describing are very familiar to me

term: benefits
frequency: 115
lemmatized_to: benefit
context 1: Botox , which my work benefits covered . I feel very
context 2: now , sadly . The benefits include : sleeping through the
context 3: I 'm wondering if the benefits outweigh some of the anxiety

term: allergies
frequency: 115
lemmatized_to: allergy
context 1: ( checking for cancer , allergies , etc ) . I
context 2: : I do n't have allergies or reflux . Thanks for
context 3: might be related to my allergies and prescribed me some inhalers

term: brings
frequency: 115
lemmatized_to: bring
context 1: With this additional charge it brings the cost up from around
context 2: to whether the burping actually brings any relief or not .
context 3: me swallow air . This brings about major chest / stomach

term: notes
frequency: 115
lemmatized_to: note
context 1: interested - their residents took notes for later study . However
context 2: . &#x200B ; Some final notes as to why it worked
context 3: , some of these are notes that pretty much any man

term: COVID
frequency: 115
lemmatized_to: covid
context 1: a shortage due to some COVID - 19 claim . Every
context 2: Bastian , however thanks to COVID , my family wo n't
context 3: it is backed up from COVID . He said they want

term: allows
frequency: 115
lemmatized_to: allow
context 1: sphincter is too relaxed and allows acid to come up through
context 2: think jumping up and down allows the body to shake things
context 3: I think sitting up straight allows air to flow a bit

term: lives
frequency: 115
lemmatized_to: life
context 1: it is affecting people ’s lives ! We need to do
context 2: dad is fire chief and lives across the street from us
context 3: active . I know our lives are miserable . But let

term: ideas
frequency: 115
lemmatized_to: idea
context 1: ) as GERD ! Any ideas on how to raise awareness
context 2: wondering if anyone has any ideas if the non-burping muscle thing
context 3: 2 ) embarrassing . Any ideas as to what might help

term: faster
frequency: 115
lemmatized_to: fast
context 1: \- feeling " full " faster than normal and therefore being
context 2: ' and chug a beer faster , and I 'm planning
context 3: the melt - aways work faster . 2 ) Get in

term: bought
frequency: 114
lemmatized_to: buy
context 1: outside the wedding hall and bought some drinks . So all
context 2: new year , I ’ve bought a packet of meds containing
context 3: and on Day 4 I bought sparkling water , watched YouTube

term: lowering
frequency: 114
lemmatized_to: lower
context 1: release the air by slowly lowering the tongue and parting lips
context 2: the subreddit , ie . lowering voice box , stretching neck
context 3: lot of Shaker and larynx lowering exercises as I 'm trying

term: escaping
frequency: 114
lemmatized_to: escape
context 1: be instant pockets of air escaping as liquid goes down .
context 2: happen but with less air escaping . I 'm really happy
context 3: feel a bit of air escaping and a strange taste at

term: types
frequency: 114
lemmatized_to: type
context 1: sound . Both of these types of burps give me some
context 2: obvious carbonated ones , what types of drinks trigger the gurgles
context 3: 's unbelievably strong . Other types of pop are n't quite

term: worrying
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: worry
context 1: potential . I am constantly worrying about how to bring up
context 2: to stop psyching yourselves up worrying about what happens in the
context 3: no longer spend my day worrying about gurgles , farts ,

term: driving
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: drive
context 1: few days and it ’s driving me crazy .. I have
context 2: BVI tomorrow . I 'm driving myself but i also do
context 3: an hour or two of driving . However I 've found

term: Whenever
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: whenever
context 1: look back on it .. Whenever I would feel sick I
context 2: Whenever I have a headache my
context 3: Whenever I ’m drinking , I

term: diagnoses
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: diagnose
context 1: , along with results / diagnoses
context 2: multiple doctors and all their diagnoses were different . I always
context 3: after hitting my head and diagnoses included Ehlers - Danlos ,

term: YOU
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: you
context 1: crazy . UNTIL I FOUND YOU GUYS . The only way
context 2: I 'd say . THANK YOU to all the people before
context 3: would say “ MAN ARE YOU OK ” After my Sleeve

term: Looking
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: look
context 1: is to be expected . Looking forward to tomorrow , and
context 2: Looking into Botox but I live
context 3: Looking for some reassurance here .

term: stayed
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: stay
context 1: kept me up . I stayed home from work today (
context 2: Chicago yesterday morning . We stayed in a Holiday Inn that
context 3: accidental discovery I 've mostly stayed away from carbonation but when

term: flying
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: fly
context 1: NJ right near NYC so flying out to Dr. Bastian is
context 2: full surgery because they were flying in from out of town
context 3: speak with Dr. Verma before flying out to Illinois ! Dr.

term: slower
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: slow
context 1: Eating slower
context 2: have to eat a little slower than normal and wash a
context 3: had to go a little slower than usual and breath harder

term: Am
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: ? Just me speculating . Am now in car still feeling
context 2: in certain social settings . Am scared that it will only
context 3: it is ... incomplete . Am I the only one ?

term: Glad
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: glad
context 1: and have 0 issues . Glad to see others understand my
context 2: discomfort I was experiencing . Glad to find my people here
context 3: others feel the same . Glad to be here .

term: ends
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: end
context 1: religion or something . This ends now . This is the
context 2: Botox - treated esophageal sphincter ends up pulling some air into
context 3: know what the final diagnosis ends up being . That said

term: Hoping
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: hope
context 1: posted on my prognosis . Hoping we can find more and
context 2: feel gas build up . Hoping this progress continues 🤞
context 3: my nerves are shot . Hoping people would be so kind

term: til
frequency: 113
lemmatized_to: till
context 1: discomforts I 'd experienced ' til then . I made some
context 2: i have to wait ' til they go out by farting
context 3: supposed to keep doing it til my throat muscles open and

term: VERY
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: very
context 1: . I do have a VERY sore throat 😬 Anyone here
context 2: to say that i 'm VERY happy to have found you
context 3: . And they are all VERY loud and sometimes long ,

term: IT
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: it
context 1: life with my fingers . IT SUCKS , as I ’m
context 2: ’m like “ NO SIR IT IS * NOT * A
context 3: on the fence , DO IT . I did n’t realize

term: Be
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: ! 3 Days After : Be careful what you wish for
context 2: kissing the ceiling ” . Be sure to double check all
context 3: people on here say " Be careful " when recommending air

term: slept
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: sleep
context 1: Day After Procedure : I slept terribly last night , due
context 2: last night , but I slept in , so that helped
context 3: took in alot . I slept most of the day .

term: Ok
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: ok
context 1: Ok people , I have found
context 2: Ok so it 's usual right
context 3: for me so far . Ok so i hope yall can

term: shots
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: shot
context 1: to take a few tequila shots . All this resulted in
context 2: suppose to do if both shots failed ? My distention has
context 3: . Otherwise I resort to shots , with the occasional slowly

term: discussed
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: discuss
context 1: throat , though he also discussed the possibility of Botox diffusion
context 2: more more paletable . I discussed with my wife and she
context 3: debilitating condition . I had discussed this problem numerous times between

term: requires
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: require
context 1: My job requires me to sit at a
context 2: at a time . It requires a sort of delicate synergy
context 3: can burp , but it requires pushing in the neck area

term: staying
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: stay
context 1: live 7 hours away so staying a couple nights . I
context 2: trying , I 'll continue staying away from pop and no
context 3: ) I ’m having trouble staying motivated to work out because

term: women
frequency: 112
lemmatized_to: woman
context 1: most is mostly aimed at women who may have been in
context 2: burp issue . As the women in my family get older
context 3: and it was gross for women to fart so much and

term: traveling
frequency: 111
lemmatized_to: travel
context 1: Dr. Bastian in Chicago \( traveling from Canada\ ) to have
context 2: in the Chicago area when traveling to and from appointments .
context 3: pain of the air bubbles traveling up my chest . I

term: controlled
frequency: 111
lemmatized_to: control
context 1: week , these became more controlled , infrequent , and like
context 2: now my burps are very controlled and it 's such an
context 3: influence the part that is controlled by my mind . What

term: sensations
frequency: 111
lemmatized_to: sensation
context 1: interests is in how GI sensations and symptoms , and anxiety
context 2: , and anxiety about these sensations , influence eating behavior .
context 3: get chest pains and horrible sensations in their chest and worry

term: calls
frequency: 110
lemmatized_to: call
context 1: ( as my fiance lovingly calls it ) ... maybe no
context 2: my throat . my husband calls me " my princess frog
context 3: 11 days until the surgeon calls to check in . The

term: disappeared
frequency: 110
lemmatized_to: disappear
context 1: Monday noon the bloating pain disappeared . ETA : lost 2kg
context 2: a bad cold , which disappeared , for the most part
context 3: Gurgles have disappeared but still ca n’t burp

term: tons
frequency: 110
lemmatized_to: ton
context 1: ago . I have visited tons of doctors for this problem
context 2: amount of coke and eat tons of Chinese food . I
context 3: bloating , frequent heartburn , tons of farts I mean TONS

term: ruined
frequency: 110
lemmatized_to: ruin
context 1: doctors near NYC ? covid ruined my travel plans to Illinois
context 2: of the gurgles , it ruined my passion for singing and
context 3: was absolutely horrible and it ruined the party for me :(

term: solved
frequency: 110
lemmatized_to: solve
context 1: and some medication but neither solved the problem . Have seen
context 2: my bad digestion have been solved ! I just wanted to
context 3: a colostomy stoma placed - solved nothing . His local Gastroenterologist

term: vs
frequency: 110
lemmatized_to: versus
context 1: Soda vs no soda ?
context 2: of you avoid soda completely vs drink it anyway and hope
context 3: NoBurp vs Allergic Asthma ?

term: Those
frequency: 110
lemmatized_to: that
context 1: to force a burp ? Those both seem so drastic .
context 2: to go to Chicago . Those who have had success getting
context 3: Those that vomit , say after

term: Something
frequency: 109
lemmatized_to: something
context 1: up , that is . Something I was reminded of the
context 2: up for 7 hours . Something I 'm terrible at .
context 3: but totally worth it . Something else I found interesting was

term: walked
frequency: 109
lemmatized_to: walk
context 1: the procedure when Dr. Holmes walked in to go over it
context 2: seriously from the minute I walked in and knew exactly what
context 3: up my pace and power walked home with my head down

term: recommendations
frequency: 109
lemmatized_to: recommendation
context 1: GRATEFUL for any other doctor recommendations so I can do this
context 2: for this condition ? Any recommendations for relieving the symptoms ?
context 3: a dead end . Any recommendations for the Sacramento area ?

term: missed
frequency: 109
lemmatized_to: miss
context 1: alternative medicine , acupuncture just missed this diagnosis . Have had
context 2: ’m not sure if I missed this somehow , but at
context 3: was posted already and I missed it . Nice diagram at

term: articles
frequency: 109
lemmatized_to: article
context 1: that you said ? Any articles , essays or info you
context 2: Does anyone have any journal articles or scholarly papers they have
context 3: going to search for medical articles to show to my doc

term: calories
frequency: 109
lemmatized_to: calorie
context 1: ! To get plenty of calories , I ’m adding olive
context 2: do n’t need that many calories to maintain my weight anyway
context 3: try : 1 ) Liquid calories like protein shakes / ensure

term: puking
frequency: 108
lemmatized_to: puking
context 1: the stomach flu and the puking was really bad and I
context 2: a really bad fear of puking . I have n't puked
context 3: I got the fear of puking . I 'm still scared

term: bodies
frequency: 108
lemmatized_to: body
context 1: is a problem of our bodies not being able to effectively
context 2: is it just that our bodies are more sensitive ?
context 3: want it to become my bodies natural reflex so when the

term: IS
frequency: 108
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: hot tip . DRUG NAME IS : CREON ( Needs prescription
context 2: like “ NO SIR IT IS * NOT * A BURP
context 3: GRIMES IS ONE OF US ! NO

term: CP
frequency: 108
lemmatized_to: cp
context 1: . They looked at my CP muscle while I made different
context 2: are always stopped by my CP muscle , so I 'm
context 3: mouth ( swallowing opens the CP muscle ) i hear mini

term: shared
frequency: 108
lemmatized_to: share
context 1: made my appointment . I shared a few words with the
context 2: the experiences many others have shared . What I do have
context 3: ! Hopefully the tips she shared with me helps some of

term: Almost
frequency: 108
lemmatized_to: almost
context 1: Not hard or anything . Almost like I was put of
context 2: THE. TIME . ) . Almost all of them wet ,
context 3: Almost two years on from discovering

term: contents
frequency: 107
lemmatized_to: content
context 1: following almost immediately by the contents of my girth , and
context 2: steps , shaking up the contents of my stomach . Suddenly
context 3: I could feel my stomach contents and the bowl of cereal

term: answered
frequency: 107
lemmatized_to: answer
context 1: staff were incredibly nice and answered all of my questions in
context 2: through the Botox procedure and answered any questions I had (
context 3: I 've had them all answered on here ! ) .

term: finished
frequency: 107
lemmatized_to: finish
context 1: so much better after it finished . It was the weirdest
context 2: all did it and I finished in 2nd place . The
context 3: I burped ! Once she finished she told me to incorporate

term: approved
frequency: 107
lemmatized_to: approve
context 1: Bastian but my insurance only approved coverage for the procedure leading
context 2: Diagnosed and approved for surgery 😀
context 3: My botox was approved !! I 'm so excited

term: resolved
frequency: 107
lemmatized_to: resolve
context 1: this condition can absolutely be resolved , and life on the
context 2: a few days and then resolved on its own . Pretty
context 3: much at all . Nausea resolved slowly over 3 - 4

term: shakes
frequency: 107
lemmatized_to: shake
context 1: subsist on smoothies and protein shakes and it will wear off
context 2: to get down a few shakes a day with some water
context 3: . I 've got some shakes coming and I pray that

term: Ever
frequency: 107
lemmatized_to: ever
context 1: 've just found it . Ever since I was little I
context 2: Ever since I was little I
context 3: little to no change . Ever since I have n’t gone

term: located
frequency: 106
lemmatized_to: locate
context 1: Where is everyone located ?
context 2: this procedure ( he 's located in the Chicagoland area )
context 3: , and I 'm also located in the US and had

term: struggles
frequency: 106
lemmatized_to: struggle
context 1: long that I 'd had struggles with gas that I 'd
context 2: that I had no real struggles . Stuck with Jamba Juice
context 3: wondering if anyone by chance struggles with this or it ’s

term: Verma
frequency: 106
lemmatized_to: verma
context 1: done this week by Dr. Verma at UC Irvine . This
context 2: I decided to contact Dr. Verma in California who was the
context 3: I video chatted with Dr. Verma , and was in the

term: seeking
frequency: 106
lemmatized_to: seek
context 1: told her to expect others seeking referrals to her clinic .
context 2: years and I have been seeking treatment at doctors on and
context 3: Canadian no burpers who are seeking out treatment . I have

term: freaking
frequency: 106
lemmatized_to: freak
context 1: I ’m over here making freaking frog noises and everybody can
context 2: especially when they are so freaking loud . this also happens
context 3: to vomit . I ’m freaking out . I do n’t

term: University
frequency: 106
lemmatized_to: university
context 1: Sunil Verma through UCI ( University of California , Irvine )
context 2: they also work at the University of Utah Hospital and Primary
context 3: PhD candidate researcher at the University of Pennsylvania and Penn State

term: aches
frequency: 106
lemmatized_to: ache
context 1: Does this cause stomach aches for anyone else ?
context 2: I notice I get stomach aches quite frequently , and was
context 3: normal ( nausea , stomach aches , excessive throat mucus ,

term: dismissed
frequency: 106
lemmatized_to: dismiss
context 1: today and was basically immediately dismissed , she touched my stomach
context 2: the issue , and she dismissed this as reflux stemming from
context 3: so frustrating to just be dismissed and made to feel crazy

term: Update
frequency: 105
lemmatized_to: update
context 1: [ Update ] First Canadian botox surgery
context 2: Update on Wisconsin doctor
context 3: 12 - Day Update - Post - Botox Canada

term: Manchester
frequency: 105
lemmatized_to: manchester
context 1: to get hold of the Manchester nhs hospital ) I have
context 2: appointment for Dr Karagama in Manchester !!
context 3: I travelled from London to Manchester towards the end of January

term: showing
frequency: 105
lemmatized_to: show
context 1: thrilled with the progress already showing here on the first full
context 2: , no x - ray showing an obstruction ) and had
context 3: ⁠‘ Pieces stratified squamous epithelium showing no significant abnormalities ’ 5

term: D
frequency: 105
lemmatized_to: d
context 1: bad insomnia from RC - D and you frequently swallow your
context 2: received my IBS Mixed ( D and C ) diagnosis .
context 3: covered it ( Husky - D ) . I was fully

term: Apparently
frequency: 105
lemmatized_to: apparently
context 1: I worked out today . Apparently that just makes things worse
context 2: a period of time . Apparently these have a number of
context 3: treat other throat problems . Apparently the only patient she has

term: blown
frequency: 105
lemmatized_to: blow
context 1: ! I ’m literally mind blown right now .
context 2: a time , NOPE full blown choke fest again …. could
context 3: thing and my mind was blown , as I 've always

term: distended
frequency: 105
lemmatized_to: distend
context 1: Bastian showed me how severely distended my esophagus was . Well
context 2: as my belly gets so distended . It never used to
context 3: the day my stomach is distended then flat again in the

term: allowing
frequency: 105
lemmatized_to: allow
context 1: are stretching out the trachea allowing for this air pressure to
context 2: “ Vagus ” nerves , allowing the brain to “ reset
context 3: and it gargles instead of allowing you to burp ? the

term: supplements
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: supplement
context 1: and did n't take any supplements or anything , so I
context 2: Do you take any supplements or OTC medications to help
context 3: any of you take any supplements or over the counter medications

term: croaking
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: croaking
context 1: give you gas or the croaking in your throat ?
context 2: lot more often . The croaking throat , the internal pressure
context 3: 've been dealing with the croaking noises for about six months

term: swimming
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: swim
context 1: life !!! The pain of swimming , the misfortune of beer
context 2: too much time in a swimming pool or hot tub ,
context 3: of cardio , even some swimming , which really did not

term: tablets
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: tablet
context 1: what tablets / chews / capsules do
context 2: I choked swallowing my usual tablets this morning and could n’t
context 3: i can only swallow small tablets and only with food (

term: attempts
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: attempt
context 1: was always just half hearted attempts . It was once I
context 2: this route following 2 failed attempts ? Did it actually help
context 3: for it to take multiple attempts to reach a more permanent

term: triggering
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: trigger
context 1: gas out was through manually triggering my gag reflex . I
context 2: away 90 % of the triggering causes . Sort of a
context 3: nausea’ that causes a consistent triggering of my gag reflex .

term: tries
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: try
context 1: one of those cases who tries everything to no avail .
context 2: anymore and that the liquid tries to come back up my
context 3: , and your body naturally tries to breathe in after ,

term: practiced
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: practice
context 1: of life . But I practiced , for weeks . I
context 2: symptoms . I have always practiced the " Air Vomit "
context 3: surgery but never / rarely practiced with fizzy water ? What

term: passing
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: passing
context 1: I compensate non burping with passing of gas , but I
context 2: burping relieves more pressure than passing gas ? We obviously have
context 3: gurgles get triggered by simply passing gas and in some cases

term: Total
frequency: 104
lemmatized_to: total
context 1: a few weeks apart . Total cost 2 k whether I
context 2: units of botox used . Total cost £ 770 . Very
context 3: estimate from the hospital . Total cost of over $ 41

term: responses
frequency: 103
lemmatized_to: response
context 1: , and I appreciate any responses . https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1igxvvgHgnN91tOge_42iFK_dmmf5dezOMj01ueBqLS4/viewform?usp=send_form
context 2: look forward to hearing some responses .
context 3: two weeks we 've gotten responses from 190 people . We

term: eggs
frequency: 103
lemmatized_to: egg
context 1: cut out all dairy and eggs , have n't drank alcohol
context 2: my diet and noticed that eggs , red meats , tomato
context 3: a bite out of scrambled eggs and it felt stuck ,

term: stopping
frequency: 103
lemmatized_to: stop
context 1: back however this problem is stopping me !! It ’s making
context 2: there is a physical injury stopping the gas from traveling all
context 3: I 've even tried consciously stopping myself from beeping ( at

term: Gurgles
frequency: 103
lemmatized_to: gurgles
context 1: 3 am with the Cursed Gurgles . Tried every trick in
context 2: same awful rcpd pains . Gurgles , croaking , nausea ,
context 3: toilets are . 2 . Gurgles are a thing of the

term: Get
frequency: 103
lemmatized_to: get
context 1: Get over your fear of vomitting
context 2: work faster . 2 ) Get in the shower . Let
context 3: out of no where . Get worse throughout the day but

term: parts
frequency: 103
lemmatized_to: part
context 1: I was punctured in more parts of the cricopharingeal . He
context 2: he punctured in three diferent parts . I do n't remember
context 3: time ) it hurts random parts of my body , for

term: Though
frequency: 103
lemmatized_to: though
context 1: to a certain extent . Though I ’m not cutting out
context 2: me to never burp . Though I really did burp sometimes
context 3: to burp without carbonation ! Though it was from Chipotle but

term: Haha
frequency: 103
lemmatized_to: haha
context 1: know but it works ! Haha . Anyways - I 'd
context 2: normal life was like . Haha .
context 3: nausea actually just anxiety ? Haha

term: builds
frequency: 102
lemmatized_to: build
context 1: . But the pressure that builds up in my chest can
context 2: can not burp unless it builds up so much that I
context 3: sometimes . However when it builds up and the croaking starts

term: antibiotics
frequency: 102
lemmatized_to: antibiotic
context 1: , as I hate taking antibiotics unless I have to .
context 2: I want to avoid pharma antibiotics to not wreck my stomach
context 3: poor gut flora being on antibiotics post procedure . It is

term: Long
frequency: 102
lemmatized_to: long
context 1: ( Long text incoming ) All happened
context 2: in or around NYC / Long Island . I have already
context 3: when to expect relief . Long story short I can burp

term: February
frequency: 102
lemmatized_to: february
context 1: dizziness . Last year in February i took a shot and
context 2: my throat . Until about February of 2020 when I came
context 3: I have to wait until February for additional testing , but

term: focused
frequency: 102
lemmatized_to: focus
context 1: in 2016 and quickly became focused on other things . I
context 2: / Tight . So I focused on Side Neck raises on
context 3: 've usually been much more focused of the other symptoms that

term: researching
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: research
context 1: there in case anyone is researching causes .
context 2: of gas . I started researching R - CPD last year
context 3: on this issue and started researching . I noticed my Left

term: learnt
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: learn
context 1: since then it has just learnt to stay that way .
context 2: . I have kind of learnt how to manage them ,
context 3: experienced this . i only learnt to " throw up air

term: <UNK>
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: <unk>
context 1: nerve from bloating : [ <UNK>
context 2: details and comments : [ <UNK>
context 3: to the survey : [ <UNK> &#x200B ; This is a

term: believed
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: believe
context 1: . Dr. Bastian said he believed I was the 72nd person
context 2: Nobody believed me for 50 years
context 3: medical tests . no one believed me . I have IBS

term: NYC
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: nyc
context 1: same . Flying back to NYC tonight ( or at least
context 2: super delayed getting back to NYC , and I ate /
context 3: anyone used a doctor in NYC ?

term: Holmes
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: holmes
context 1: before the procedure when Dr. Holmes walked in to go over
context 2: with 2 practitioners ( Dr. Holmes in Raleigh and Dr. Hoesli
context 3: happening to them . Dr. Holmes has done the procedure on

term: Great
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: great
context 1: was probably just gas . Great but I could n't burp
context 2: my BF last night . Great to have a term for
context 3: Any child been treated in Great Ormond Street Hospital for inability

term: bringing
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: bring
context 1: he said well you are bringing the gas up , I
context 2: used to burp HUGE relief bringing burps whenever I played basketball
context 3: thankful for this thread for bringing awareness to our struggles 🙏

term: opened
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: open
context 1: , a valve had been opened , and the gates opened
context 2: opened , and the gates opened . I still ca n't
context 3: that , the muscle just opened . I guess that makes

term: bothered
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: bother
context 1: to burp , something that bothered me as a kid ,
context 2: burp . It has never bothered me that much , but
context 3: years . I have n’t bothered looking into it again or

term: signs
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: sign
context 1: often than not , promising signs and I will update this
context 2: intervened ( all my vital signs were ok ) . It
context 3: nauseous my only ' warning signs ' are gagging and suddenly

term: B
frequency: 101
lemmatized_to: b
context 1: weeks post procedure with Dr B , and I 'm not
context 2: of singing your A , B , C 's with intestinal
context 3: and they said if Dr. B is in network , they

term: kinds
frequency: 100
lemmatized_to: kind
context 1: Alcohol , particularly sugar rich kinds . I ’m dead if
context 2: I end up with all kinds of pain and pressure in
context 3: Dr. Bastian does these * kinds * of injections frequently for

term: Procedure
frequency: 100
lemmatized_to: procedure
context 1: * 1st Full Day After Procedure : I experienced quite a
context 2: * 2nd Full Day After Procedure : I slept terribly last
context 3: * 3rd Full Day After Procedure : I still did n't

term: developing
frequency: 100
lemmatized_to: develop
context 1: if I actually * am* developing a swallowing disorder . Has
context 2: the lean pounds and generally developing myself into an all -
context 3: capitalize on this and start developing bigger burps ? Will it

term: published
frequency: 100
lemmatized_to: publish
context 1: I am waiting to be published and we have reached the
context 2: numbers of signatures before being published . So hopefully in 5
context 3: this data in getting it published in a journal ! I

term: habits
frequency: 100
lemmatized_to: habit
context 1: had very very annoying bathroom habits for the past two years
context 2: bad feeling . My eating habits have been the same for
context 3: really bad teeth despite brushing habits as a result , too

term: sorts
frequency: 100
lemmatized_to: sort
context 1: $ $$ so hopefully this sorts itself out quick
context 2: figure out a blueprint of sorts to help many , many
context 3: having a cookout with all sorts of food ; burgers ,

term: according
frequency: 100
lemmatized_to: accord
context 1: natural talent for singing ( according to others ) I was
context 2: anxiety and so much more according to the doctors here and
context 3: when I was a baby according to my mother . I

term: accepted
frequency: 99
lemmatized_to: accept
context 1: pace to have my issues accepted and treated instead of the
context 2: bizarre sounds , and I accepted that I was simply afflicted
context 3: many years I pretty much accepted never burping and the gurgles

term: swallows
frequency: 99
lemmatized_to: swallow
context 1: endoscopies , colonoscopies , barium swallows , ph tests , manometry
context 2: still takes two to three swallows to get food down .
context 3: appointment . I know barium swallows diagnose crap all , so

term: worsened
frequency: 98
lemmatized_to: worsen
context 1: first I thought the symptoms worsened when drinking carbonated drink /
context 2: throughout the day that are worsened by eating / drinking .
context 3: issue , which has significantly worsened since my junior year of

term: missing
frequency: 98
lemmatized_to: miss
context 1: college student and I ’m missing out on everything . Today
context 2: can suck feeling different and missing out on some of your
context 3: was already in Downers Grove missing work as it was -

term: contacted
frequency: 98
lemmatized_to: contact
context 1: Island . I have already contacted Dr. Michael Pitman in NYC
context 2: were none . I 've contacted doctors but none of them
context 3: burps get stuck ? I contacted my surgeon pretty quickly after

term: listening
frequency: 98
lemmatized_to: listen
context 1: gas . Thank you for listening my brothers and sisters .
context 2: exercises ? Second , after listening to a podcast about bloating
context 3: greatly appreciated !! Thanks for listening

term: r
frequency: 98
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: for no - burp , r - cpd be that the
context 2: This doctor did hear of r - cpd but I do
context 3: I ’m a longtime / r / noburp participant and am

term: dying
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: die
context 1: without feeling like I m dying : Alcohol , particularly sugar
context 2: me thinking that I was dying during school lunches ( looking
context 3: doctors unless you 're definitely dying , so this was embarrassing

term: yawning
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: yawn
context 1: to the right or while yawning , which helps to get
context 2: Weird sound while yawning
context 3: sound my throat makes while yawning , as if a tiny

term: Currently
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: currently
context 1: Currently experiencing the loudest frog noises
context 2: Hey guys ! Currently , I ’m sat on
context 3: Currently live in WA and and

term: Canadian
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: canadian
context 1: [ Update ] First Canadian botox surgery - today
context 2: I feel very grateful for Canadian medicine today . I will
context 3: Let 's move this into Canadian mainstream medicine . Edit :

term: realizing
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: realize
context 1: this good . I 'm realizing that I felt bloated 24
context 2: pain from gas without even realizing that 's what it was
context 3: to . I am also realizing that this could make my

term: managing
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: manage
context 1: no big deal , and managing with Tylenol . Still swallowing
context 2: Has anyone else found that managing was better than ( and
context 3: just never noticed . After managing to just try to relax

term: Pitman
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: pitman
context 1: have already contacted Dr. Michael Pitman in NYC ( no response
context 2: Beware of Dr. Pitman and Columbia medical center in
context 3: to cost me . Dr. Pitman might be a good doctor

term: choked
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: choke
context 1: experience is hardcore … I choked swallowing my usual tablets this
context 2: recovered because I have not choked AT ALL today . It
context 3: throat kind of like being choked up and holding back tears

term: created
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: create
context 1: Helloooooooooooooooooooo , I have created a Reddit account purely for
context 2: ice cream , but it created more mucus in my throat
context 3: two different questionnaires I recently created ( [ see this post

term: gagged
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: gag
context 1: skunk roadkill . I actually gagged at the smell which helped
context 2: really bad and then I gagged , thinking I was throwing
context 3: I coughed a lot and gagged at the same time kind

term: Our
frequency: 97
lemmatized_to: our
context 1: : ** [ https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/9se9jr/botox\_injection\_75\_month\_update\_30\_weeks/](https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/9se9jr/botox_injection_75_month_update_30_weeks/) ** Our issue visualized ( panendoscopy footage
context 2: avoid consuming ** Everything . Our life sucks . But unless
context 3: additional background / context . Our current sample size is only

term: tells
frequency: 96
lemmatized_to: tell
context 1: no matter what your GP tells you you ca n’t !!
context 2: croaking out . My gf tells me this is normal but
context 3: can not burp . Everyone tells me “ just swallow air

term: puts
frequency: 96
lemmatized_to: put
context 1: burp , and this issue puts a major damper on my
context 2: super quiet , but that puts a lot of stress on
context 3: that this is damaging and puts you as the sole cause

term: denied
frequency: 96
lemmatized_to: deny
context 1: My insurance denied coverage for the Botox procedure
context 2: My insurance denied my claim for the botox
context 3: out on Friday that they denied the claim and my only

term: listened
frequency: 96
lemmatized_to: listen
context 1: specialist regardless ) . I listened to someone 's gurgles on
context 2: this condition and actually being listened to ?
context 3: doctor came in he really listened and took his time to

term: opens
frequency: 95
lemmatized_to: open
context 1: is apparently my esophagus , opens up to release devil himself
context 2: fears and see if it opens my throat up !
context 3: do n’t know if that opens up the trachea more ,

term: avoided
frequency: 95
lemmatized_to: avoid
context 1: control - probably would have avoided all this illness . Good
context 2: sick . So I just avoided bubbles and it was ok
context 3: stomach cramps . I have avoided fizzy drinks , large amounts

term: worries
frequency: 95
lemmatized_to: worry
context 1: a go ( although it worries me that people seem unable
context 2: least of most people ’s worries but for me scuba diving
context 3: and irrational to very real worries and fears . This community

term: soups
frequency: 95
lemmatized_to: soup
context 1: had tiny burps after eating soups because of the slow swallow
context 2: fruits and then thick blended soups out of vegetables , potatos
context 3: happened before ! Back to soups and smoothies I go

term: UPDATE
frequency: 94
lemmatized_to: update
context 1: questions in the comments ! UPDATE 1 : It ’s been
context 2: hear what exactly happened . UPDATE : Managed to get into
context 3: too expensive and difficult . UPDATE : I 've noticed that

term: TLDR
frequency: 94
lemmatized_to: tldr
context 1: do n’t want that . TLDR : started getting extremely sick
context 2: it to be true . TLDR ; Check to see if
context 3: TLDR : Recommendations for botox procedure

term: LOL
frequency: 94
lemmatized_to: lol
context 1: that I ’m not insane LOL .
context 2: with random burps at night LOL Day 4 : It seems
context 3: for some hours after that LOL ) the good news is

term: members
frequency: 94
lemmatized_to: member
context 1: issues . One of the members of the surgical team (
context 2: so you have any family members who ca n’t burp as
context 3: is a strong increase in members of this subreddit . I

term: Around
frequency: 94
lemmatized_to: around
context 1: I ’d gag myself . Around Christmas time I was undergoing
context 2: HAS IT GOTTEN BETTER . Around the 5 weeks mark is
context 3: nice dad joke ) . Around the age of 18 i

term: diets
frequency: 94
lemmatized_to: diet
context 1: breathing techniques , changes in diets , or medication ? By
context 2: but I 've tried many diets and none of them worked
context 3: all . 14 . Elimination diets . 15 . Getting the

term: arms
frequency: 94
lemmatized_to: arm
context 1: ache , and makes my arms and shoulders tingle . :)
context 2: weakness in my hands and arms . An episode usually lasts
context 3: skinny guy with super thin arms , and a weak torso

term: lifting
frequency: 94
lemmatized_to: lift
context 1: job , which involves , lifting , bending , crawling ,
context 2: therefore , my larynx was lifting , my chin and my
context 3: and through years of weight lifting and just kinda being conscious

term: elevated
frequency: 94
lemmatized_to: elevate
context 1: sleep when my head is elevated . Never have been able
context 2: . * I have slept elevated and avoided bending over after
context 3: my back with my head elevated and lying on my left

term: fears
frequency: 93
lemmatized_to: fear
context 1: deal with my past vomiting fears and see if it opens
context 2: think it helps my irrational fears just to know that there
context 3: other people with the same fears and a reason behind them

term: EMG
frequency: 93
lemmatized_to: emg
context 1: 2 of which were an EMG and blood pressure test that
context 2: ! I understand that the EMG guided , in office injections
context 3: EMG Botox update

term: releases
frequency: 93
lemmatized_to: release
context 1: sometimes the gag reflex just releases gas . Both bring considerable
context 2: " BUP " that maybe releases 1 / 10th of the
context 3: . Had some sounds like releases , and a couple micro

term: emailed
frequency: 93
lemmatized_to: email
context 1: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pj2Of7xpFFeLCWrukjUgFgqHzqYtWUiEmLz9AaE-TAc/edit?usp=sharing I recently emailed them asking about the price
context 2: time to recover . I emailed Lucy 's office about 1.5
context 3: in brisbane . Dr Bastian emailed me back and said that

term: ml
frequency: 93
lemmatized_to: millileter
context 1: 3 weeks since my 50 ml Botox treatment from Lucy Hickling
context 2: burpers 💫 I got 100 ml botox on thursday . Waiting
context 3: , then chugged a 600 ml bottle of pepsi and got

term: stays
frequency: 93
lemmatized_to: stay
context 1: stomach but sometimes when it stays trapped in there and do
context 2: to gag . usually it stays with air vomiting , but
context 3: little bit of the water stays in the throat and it

term: Covid
frequency: 93
lemmatized_to: covid
context 1: after many delays including getting Covid one week before my initial
context 2: na scope me after the Covid Zebra28 variant . Keep safe
context 3: in 3 weeks due to Covid making my hormones go crazy

term: Gaviscon
frequency: 92
lemmatized_to: gaviscon
context 1: Lansoprazole in the morning and Gaviscon extra strength before bed .
context 2: gone , I took some Gaviscon and tried not to eat
context 3: tastes really bad . \- Gaviscon , the typical reflux reliever

term: Things
frequency: 92
lemmatized_to: thing
context 1: are n't the problem . Things I 've tried that did
context 2: . AVOID YOUR SPINE !!!! Things we seem to have in
context 3: next couple of weeks . Things get better by the day

term: Anything
frequency: 92
lemmatized_to: anything
context 1: n't a pleasant experience . Anything heavy and breaded like that
context 2: helps to discharge burps . Anything else others who had the
context 3: personally and had success . Anything specific that you said ?

term: googled
frequency: 92
lemmatized_to: google
context 1: ’ve scoured this community and googled my heart out and so
context 2: I have googled my symptoms quite a few
context 3: so depressing ! So I googled ‘ ca n’t burp’ after

term: adding
frequency: 92
lemmatized_to: add
context 1: of calories , I ’m adding olive oil , heavy cream
context 2: might sometimes be triggering or adding onto a panic / anxiety
context 3: pushing your tolerance and slowly adding food back in a little

term: professionals
frequency: 91
lemmatized_to: professional
context 1: are largely unreadable by the professionals here . I guess I
context 2: problem here with the medical professionals . I 'm finding this
context 3: complications ? Or any health professionals on here that may know

term: growing
frequency: 91
lemmatized_to: grow
context 1: 'm finding this situation is growing worse as I get older
context 2: days are filled with slow growing nausea due to the air
context 3: was always a loud puker growing up , like I never

term: R-
frequency: 91
lemmatized_to: r-
context 1: Treatment with Lucy Hicklin for R- CPD
context 2: new video where he explains R- CPD
context 3: for not realizing it was R- CPD

term: chugging
frequency: 91
lemmatized_to: chugg
context 1: get through , and then chugging the whole bottle in like
context 2: big deal was actually after chugging it , to see who
context 3: me made the mistake of chugging a beer on the subway

term: BURP
frequency: 91
lemmatized_to: burp
context 1: IS * NOT * A BURP THANK YOU . ” I
context 2: ONE OF US ! NO BURP GETS FAMOUS !
context 3: that i could just fking BURP and have access to a

term: Fast
frequency: 91
lemmatized_to: fast
context 1: UK with Mr. Karagama . Fast forward to today and I
context 2: the reflux and gurgles ! Fast forward to today , I
context 3: time after 10 years ! Fast forward : In August 2020

term: drugs
frequency: 91
lemmatized_to: drug
context 1: all kinds of tests and drugs . Has anyone else in
context 2: but there must be other drugs that work In a similar
context 3: - HTP alongside certain prescription drugs or if you have specific

term: kicked
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: kick
context 1: challenging . Botox has n't kicked in yet , as it
context 2: chest gurgling / trouble breathing kicked in . It lasted over
context 3: the plane the violent hiccups kicked in . FML - I

term: surgeries
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: surgery
context 1: anything on no - burp surgeries here yet . Also ,
context 2: , but compared to most surgeries you can have , it
context 3: up in resus with 3 surgeries and I ’m scared to

term: increasing
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: increase
context 1: burping on my own with increasing frequency . When it first
context 2: or worse , along with increasing my omeprazole to 40 mg
context 3: first time ? I am increasing from 80 to 100 units

term: laid
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: lay
context 1: into the OR . I laid down and had a lovely
context 2: We went inside and I laid on the couch until I
context 3: the day . I ’m laid up in my hotel room

term: returned
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: return
context 1: attended was for , they returned and told me that charge
context 2: problems with trapped gas have returned . When I get sick
context 3: . Then the general indigestion returned with a vengeance - It

term: Reflux
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: reflux
context 1: for a long time . Reflux diagnosed in early teens .
context 2: nose and ringing ears . Reflux in the night waking up
context 3: Acid Reflux pos-op

term: improving
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: improve
context 1: and then it has been improving ever since . I discovered
context 2: 19 : swallowing is still improving . The out of breath
context 3: day 3 and its been improving ever since . I was

term: inducing
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: induce
context 1: to throw up , or inducing it by gag reflex .
context 2: Tear inducing hiccups
context 3: nothing is happening ( except inducing hiccups most of the time

term: links
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: link
context 1: Has anyone else found any links or is it a coincidence
context 2: resources from the wiki , links and attachments to Dr Bastian
context 3: in a long email with links , screenshots , reddit posts

term: tends
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: tend
context 1: any clear illness . She tends to ask for Tums a
context 2: this , but then it tends to start working . Reading
context 3: hours on end . It tends to become more prevalent if

term: Germany
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: germany
context 1: experiences with Botox treatment in Germany ?
context 2: I live in Bavaria , Germany . I ’ve red here
context 3: ’ve red here that in Germany you can only find the

term: Vote
frequency: 90
lemmatized_to: vote
context 1: are interested . ---- | Vote Button | Poll Options |
context 2: | Poll Options | Current Vote Count | |:-----------:|:------------:|:------------| |**[ Vote
context 3: Vote Count | |:-----------:|:------------:|:------------| |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/EKplIO1q)**|Alabama|**1** Votes |**[

term: Small
frequency: 89
lemmatized_to: small
context 1: : Fine Parasites : Negative Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth : Negative
context 2: ! I am burping :) Small ones . I have no
context 3: week who thinks I have Small Intestinal Bacteria Overgrowth . I

term: Symptoms
frequency: 89
lemmatized_to: symptom
context 1: , gurgle , croak . Symptoms would worsen in social settings
context 2: The relief is insane . Symptoms I did n't even realize
context 3: Symptoms becoming unmanageable

term: worsen
frequency: 89
lemmatized_to: worse
context 1: , croak . Symptoms would worsen in social settings all the
context 2: anyone else find the symptoms worsen when in water ? I
context 3: their gurgling / gas buildup worsen as they got older ?

term: An
frequency: 89
lemmatized_to: a
context 1: 'm not suffering alone . An question for you : I
context 2: my hands and arms . An episode usually lasts for 1
context 3: record of longest burp . An audacious goal indeed , but

term: solutions
frequency: 89
lemmatized_to: solution
context 1: the problem . Have seen solutions on here and am grateful
context 2: Any solutions for bloating ?
context 3: know if others have better solutions or how they have been

term: needles
frequency: 89
lemmatized_to: needle
context 1: ** The injection ** Getting needles in my throat when I
context 2: more detailed account of what needles went where when . **
context 3: I ’m deathly afraid of needles so Botox is n’t an

term: smoothies
frequency: 89
lemmatized_to: smoothy
context 1: , you can subsist on smoothies and protein shakes and it
context 2: tremendously . I make breakfast smoothies out of cooked oats /
context 3: ( like mashed potatoes , smoothies and , soup ) .

term: Drinking
frequency: 89
lemmatized_to: drinking
context 1: in so much pain . Drinking with friends was also unpleasant
context 2: getting a little harder . Drinking water after every bite or
context 3: am pushing the boundaries . Drinking fluids ( carbonated or not

term: Ah
frequency: 89
lemmatized_to: ah
context 1: little over a month ! Ah ! I ’m over the
context 2: as I entered . " Ah ? " , I responded
context 3: a grip on it . Ah the simple things 🤣 I

term: gaining
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: gain
context 1: here which say about either gaining weight , massaging your throat
context 2: find your symptoms improved on gaining the ability to burp ?
context 3: because of this condition and gaining weight after getting the Botox

term: Second
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: second
context 1: units ( awake ) . Second time I was put under
context 2: after doing shaker exercises ? Second , after listening to a
context 3: eating / drinking alone ! Second , my friends and family

term: Saturday
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: saturday
context 1: gas in stomach . Now Saturday . Saturday was stress filled
context 2: stomach . Now Saturday . Saturday was stress filled . Went
context 3: suspecting the rcpd symptoms starting Saturday were bc I was stressed

term: Woke
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: woke
context 1: ’d be all alone . Woke up at 12 ( now
context 2: . 1 day later : Woke up and yawned and let
context 3: . - Day 1 : Woke up with my esophagus feeling

term: OK
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: ok
context 1: say “ MAN ARE YOU OK ” After my Sleeve surgery
context 2: still ask “ Are you OK ” if they saw me
context 3: 3 : breakfast went down OK but did have to eat

term: areas
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: area
context 1: alone in many of these areas . These symptoms can really
context 2: negatively impacted quite a few areas of my life . Most
context 3: trouble burping and my tense areas have tensed up again .

term: nerves
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: nerve
context 1: just want to ease the nerves of others . I will
context 2: understand everyone will have their nerves but hopefully this helps if
context 3: just looking to have my nerves calmed about the procedure so

term: opposed
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: oppose
context 1: with diaphragm breathing , as opposed to breathing with the chest
context 2: think the surprise aspect as opposed to my usual experience of
context 3: it harder to breath as opposed to the stomach being empty

term: involves
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: involve
context 1: do my job , which involves , lifting , bending ,
context 2: My job involves speaking on the phone a
context 3: My job involves speaking with customers for a

term: appears
frequency: 88
lemmatized_to: appear
context 1: hold my breath when it appears . But breathe . Try
context 2: my food pipe , it appears in my mouth as food
context 3: too ) . He also appears to have reflux , which

term: Seems
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: seem
context 1: Seems so counterintuitive , but has
context 2: . * ** Posture .** Seems like If I slouch for
context 3: about a week ago . Seems like I 've constantly felt

term: continues
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: continue
context 1: disorder . I hope everything continues to go well for you
context 2: constipated again and the cycle continues . My stomach grumbles a
context 3: into a living hell and continues to get worse . I

term: Side
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: side
context 1: Side effects of botox procedure
context 2: it scared me . ( Side note possibly suspecting the rcpd
context 3: . So I focused on Side Neck raises on my right

term: Center
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: center
context 1: Park Nicollet Clinic and Specialty Center St. Louis Park MN 3800
context 2: I went to the Midwest Center for Day Surgery and filled
context 3: done at Ascension Seton Medical Center and the whole process was

term: Wondering
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: wonder
context 1: not a preferable one . Wondering if anyone had any success
context 2: I started micro burping . Wondering if there ’s a correlation
context 3: else have this problem ? Wondering if it ’s related to

term: building
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: build
context 1: the gas that had been building up in my stomach .
context 2: find that when gas is building up your gag reflex increases
context 3: For years it ’s been building up , continuing to get

term: California
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: california
context 1: to contact Dr. Verma in California who was the closest doctor
context 2: I was driving home from California and I drank some water
context 3: All the way home from California during my 10 hour drive

term: Fingers
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: finger
context 1: good things to come . Fingers crossed my fellow no burpers
context 2: administer the botox injection !! Fingers crossed it goes well ,
context 3: hear it or something . Fingers crossed he can give me

term: cutting
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: cut
context 1: about a month ago and cutting my three meals a day
context 2: . Though I ’m not cutting out all high FODMAP foods
context 3: most part , and now cutting out dairy . I feel

term: beans
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: bean
context 1: still eating some gluten and beans ) , being more mindful
context 2: burger , 2 spoonfuls of beans , and 1/3 corn on
context 3: beer , nachos , fatty beans , rice , etc .

term: :D
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: :d
context 1: nightmare is almost over ! :D
context 2: for all of you too :D I ’m a 26 yo
context 3: wo n't regret it !!! :D I am a GP myself

term: Trying
frequency: 87
lemmatized_to: try
context 1: apnea after the procedure . Trying to decide which way to
context 2: Trying to get my RCPD diagnosed
context 3: really used it before . Trying to make the most of

term: embarrassed
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: embarrass
context 1: its loud and im more embarrassed by it than anything else
context 2: figure this out without being embarrassed .
context 3: these symptoms and been so embarrassed for years ! I actually

term: Either
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: either
context 1: do n't ! &#x200B ; Either way , ca n't wait
context 2: not being able to . Either way you need to know
context 3: been my entire life . Either way I ’m not going

term: spending
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: spend
context 1: . So before anyone goes spending that much money , you
context 2: have a couple questions after spending some more time looking into
context 3: . 3 . I am spending less time around people ,

term: referring
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: refer
context 1: clotting factors so she is referring me to a hematologist .
context 2: yrs so could not consider referring me as it stands .
context 3: town and he ended up referring me to Dr. Benson Massey

term: Dysfunction
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: dysfunction
context 1: 100 % unabashed sufferer of Dysfunction of the Belch Reflex (
context 2: , Retrograde - Only Cricopharyngeus Dysfunction ) . I 've suffered
context 3: Phrenic Dyssynergia and Pelvic Floor Dysfunction

term: Retrograde
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: retrograde
context 1: can now call it , Retrograde - Only Cricopharyngeus Dysfunction )
context 2: I now think I have Retrograde cricopharyngeus dysfunction . My question
context 3: and this condition is called Retrograde Cricopharyngeal Dysfunction ( R -

term: CT
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: ct
context 1: / NY / PA / CT area ?
context 2: recommend him to anyone in CT because it felt so different
context 3: on Friday 9/3 here in CT . The doctor had said

term: Took
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: take
context 1: killers at 2 am . Took them throughout the day .
context 2: naturally in 24 hours . Took ~ 5 months of effort
context 3: more numb than yesterday . Took an extra day off of

term: Look
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: look
context 1: are my suggestions : * Look up a diagram of the
context 2: needed . - [ ] Look up towards the ceiling until
context 3: with a brazilian Otolaryngologist . Look for Dr. Geraldo Druck Sant'Anna

term: recognised
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: recognise
context 1: uk so it ’s not recognised as a disorder here so
context 2: on here to get RCPD recognised and treated by the UK
context 3: ladder in getting RCPD properly recognised and universally treated . I

term: Barrett
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: barrett
context 1: inflammation and damage such as Barrett 's esophagus and even on
context 2: Anyone have Botox done with Barrett ’s Esophagus ?
context 3: I have Barrett ’s and I ’m just

term: Ugh
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: ugh
context 1: caused myself MORE distress . Ugh .
context 2: , during a hiccup ? Ugh . I 'm so miserable
context 3: is n't going anywhere . Ugh

term: Ik
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: ik
context 1: tryna eat little stuff that Ik is n’t hard to chew
context 2: have n’t eaten anything that Ik of that could cause that
context 3: on a deeper issue … Ik I should prob talk to

term: Interesting
frequency: 86
lemmatized_to: interesting
context 1: Thanks for the responses . Interesting to see that it affects
context 2: would relax my UES . Interesting theory , but no dice
context 3: Interesting trends on my fitness watch

term: sides
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: side
context 1: the vocal folds in the sides of your throat are opening
context 2: has n’t even touched the sides and I ’m already concerned
context 3: on the left and right sides , under your temples ,

term: PA
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: pa
context 1: the NJ / NY / PA / CT area ?
context 2: got a call from the PA with a completely different attitude
context 3: I emailed him and his PA replied saying he will be

term: Two
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: two
context 1: Two nights ago I got 4
context 2: I feel extremely stuck . Two nights ago , after a
context 3: will temporarily go away . Two , if I sit in

term: held
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: hold
context 1: manners , I would always held my burping in . When
context 2: did not work . I held my mouth open , hoping
context 3: was all sore from being held open . The next day

term: Christmas
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: christmas
context 1: After another no - burp Christmas and new year , I
context 2: ’m actually dreading this work Christmas party I have coming up
context 3: ’d gag myself . Around Christmas time I was undergoing a

term: belching
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: belching
context 1: , I go into a belching fit . When I eat
context 2: have gas issues . The belching gets worse with anxiety ,
context 3: even more jealous of my belching counterparts .

term: Acid
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: acid
context 1: what I do . * Acid reflux , especially when I
context 2: makes it much worse . Acid reducers and blockers also make
context 3: most likely had Gord / Acid reflux and was prescribed Omeprazole

term: Otherwise
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: otherwise
context 1: it is a possibility . Otherwise , I 'm very satisfied
context 2: swollen ? Anyone else ? Otherwise doing solid . Microburps galore
context 3: a real burp would . Otherwise the feeling of having to

term: AM
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: a.m.
context 1: Botox procedure is at 7 AM the next morning . I
context 2: has added sugar and I AM eating lots of brown rice
context 3: and was burping by 11 AM . Small burps for the

term: thousands
frequency: 85
lemmatized_to: thousand
context 1: zero chance of getting together thousands of dollars for this 😭
context 2: now . It 's also thousands of dollars out of pocket
context 3: orally . After going through thousands of dollars of pointless tests

term: difficulties
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: difficulty
context 1: and I 'm still having difficulties with swallowing . It 's
context 2: if I had any swallowing difficulties , so they stuck a
context 3: to maximize gains and minimize difficulties ?

term: ordered
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: order
context 1: or lactose intolerance so she ordered blood work to ease my
context 2: their neck . I just ordered one of the straps for
context 3: my doctor has ordered some tests before the procedure

term: figuring
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: figure
context 1: burp . I am still figuring it out , but I
context 2: few months since figuring out how to burp ,
context 3: I 'm having some trouble figuring out if I still have

term: carbs
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: carb
context 1: my whole life . Heavy carbs and carbonated beverages usually set
context 2: make sure I get enough carbs and proteins . Try drinking
context 3: ca n't eat anything with carbs or I get extremely bloated

term: plans
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: plan
context 1: ? covid ruined my travel plans to Illinois :(
context 2: especially those with high deductible plans . A break down of
context 3: does n't mess up travel plans if they end up getting

term: rising
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: rise
context 1: gurgle feels like air is rising in my throat and then
context 2: until you feel the air rising up before you go to
context 3: It feels like a bubble rising up my throat . I

term: spoken
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: speak
context 1: R - CPD and have spoken to and made an appointment
context 2: next month . I have spoken to my Dr today to
context 3: beforehand ? Doctors I have spoken to have all suggested not

term: tastes
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: taste
context 1: withour trying to . It tastes a little like throwup .
context 2: and drink it . It tastes great ! So far ,
context 3: food unless I know it tastes okay on the way back

term: written
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: write
context 1: there family ! I had written about getting the procedure done
context 2: Is there any written proof of the number of
context 3: week . I have [ written a blog post ] (

term: informed
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: inform
context 1: discomfort to the nurse who informed me that this was the
context 2: out and make a more informed opinion . As a radiologist
context 3: process Firstly , I was informed that if you need to

term: potatoes
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: potato
context 1: since then ( like mashed potatoes , smoothies and , soup
context 2: ate a lot of mashed potatoes and soup until I felt
context 3: Ensure Plus , instant mashed potatoes , Wolf brand chili ,

term: codes
frequency: 84
lemmatized_to: code
context 1: about coverage for the following codes , and let them know
context 2: They provided me with insurance codes and told me that the
context 3: my insurance with the given codes and was told that the

term: THIS
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: this
context 1: CANNOT TAKE ANY MORE OF THIS . Ohhhh my god .
context 2: SO MUCH OMG I LOVE THIS
context 3: Canada ( YOU CAN HAVE THIS TOO , CANADIANS )

term: Instead
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: instead
context 1: never , NEVER burped . Instead I get the satan croaks
context 2: did n't throw up . Instead , I let out such
context 3: night of my conception . Instead I combined my indigestion concerns

term: pressing
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: press
context 1: literally feels like it ’s pressing against my lungs and it
context 2: the throat by kind of pressing the tongue against the bottom
context 3: to my upper chest and pressing in with my other arm

term: suspected
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: suspect
context 1: Botox or anything due to suspected sleep apnea , but fuck
context 2: disease . Now it 's suspected that I have IBS on
context 3: rates , which I had suspected as well . That ’s

term: flew
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: fly
context 1: IL . So ... I flew with my wife to Chicago
context 2: 1 and 2 they just flew out easily ) after a
context 3: full of napkins , and flew home like that ! Thank

term: parties
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: party
context 1: away to the bathroom at parties or bars . IMO the
context 2: be a huge pussy at parties and bail early / nurse
context 3: awfully bloated ( e.g. at parties when I foolishly think I

term: sooo
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: so
context 1: come but the burp was sooo tiny it did n't sound
context 2: itself loose . It felt sooo good . That was 2
context 3: v positive about chances , sooo frustrating . Showed him letter

term: lasting
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: last
context 1: if it will be long lasting or if I will gain
context 2: day starting around noon and lasting until I fall asleep at
context 3: time swallowing which ended up lasting about ten weeks in total

term: warned
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: warn
context 1: the drill . And be warned this is a TMI but
context 2: up . Which I was warned might happen . Again though
context 3: my mouth . I was warned this would happen . Some

term: explains
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: explain
context 1: on my vocal chords which explains why I 've had a
context 2: a new video where he explains R- CPD
context 3: too much burping . Nothing explains the gas / bloating /

term: REALLY
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: really
context 1: makes me get the gurgles REALLY bad , almost worse than
context 2: - did your reflux get REALLY bad after the injections ,
context 3: day 34 ) I 'm REALLY struggling to burp - only

term: mentioning
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: mention
context 1: have GERD without me even mentioning the heartburn I get when
context 2: . It ’s also worth mentioning that this was the only
context 3: more . It ’s worth mentioning that my stomach aches have

term: Go
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: go
context 1: r/noburp forum . 2 . Go to your appointment with all
context 2: 've linked them below . Go read them thoroughly !! They
context 3: Botox procedure for RCPD . Go to your regular GP and

term: te
frequency: 83
lemmatized_to: the
context 1: force near my palate saying te letter " I " when
context 2: vomit coming up and contract te muscle , so try to
context 3: passer ta première soirée sans te sentir mal ?

term: Mostly
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: mostly
context 1: a lot of beer . Mostly I 've learned to either
context 2: finally getting it done . Mostly nervous about possible side effects
context 3: burp . Very rare . Mostly I ’d just end up

term: English
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: english
context 1: , very few doctors speak English here , so the documents
context 2: i 'm being repetitive , English is my second language and
context 3: a translation from Greek to English , of the [ emails

term: Until
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: until
context 1: me to a hematologist . Until I am treated / cured
context 2: and uncomfortable but tolerable . Until recently , when the gurgles
context 3: stuck in my throat . Until about February of 2020 when

term: arrived
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: arrive
context 1: pressure was low when I arrived , but improved after I
context 2: at any point before I arrived , and I did n't
context 3: The day finally arrived , and I ’ve had

term: visits
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: visit
context 1: , there was multiple hospital visits from gas pain . And
context 2: this was discussed at their visits ... But I 'm wondering
context 3: I plan to hit 11 visits and then reassess if it

term: understanding
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: understanding
context 1: the heartburn . From my understanding acid reflux is essentially the
context 2: found on the subject my understanding of the issue is that
context 3: can remember . Some less understanding people have said to me

term: convinced
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: convinced
context 1: vomit anywhere , he ’s convinced I ’m bulimic . I
context 2: about others here is what convinced me to do the procedure
context 3: on here , I was convinced that I was going to

term: sticks
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: stick
context 1: applesauce and a few carrot sticks so I know it was
context 2: it and ate two bread sticks too . Two hours later
context 3: all down or it just sticks in my throat . 4

term: microburping
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: microburp
context 1: hour mark I was consistently microburping . After 72 hours ,
context 2: this context ) I think microburping . I had my surgery
context 3: successful Botox procedures and are microburping a ton will find it

term: worsening
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: worsen
context 1: considering it due to the worsening of this condition effecting my
context 2: because I ’ve been having worsening reflux over the past few
context 3: think that also may be worsening it .

term: pH
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: ph
context 1: and she mentioned an esophageal pH test where they leave the
context 2: waiting a year for 24 pH monitoring which is a year
context 3: . After the manometry and pH , i have been diagnosed

term: Bastion
frequency: 82
lemmatized_to: bastion
context 1: fly out to see Dr. Bastion because I ’m scared of
context 2: got the shot by Dr. Bastion himself 12 days ago .
context 3: Download all three of Dr. Bastion ’s papers and print them

term: chances
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: chance
context 1: bit worried about blowing my chances early on during the referral
context 2: get hiccups 1 in 5 chances after a meal . So
context 3: Not feeling v positive about chances , sooo frustrating . Showed

term: visited
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: visit
context 1: years ago . I have visited tons of doctors for this
context 2: before the injection , I visited the hospital for a barium
context 3: candidate . Anybody else who visited him , can you offer

term: blocked
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: block
context 1: like my throat was partially blocked , I had to eat
context 2: . My trachea was temporarily blocked ( not sure what caused
context 3: am now left with a blocked nose , and the need

term: combined
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: combine
context 1: my conception . Instead I combined my indigestion concerns with my
context 2: a time , and this combined with being unable to quickly
context 3: . I 'm guessing the combined draw of the vaccume and

term: bowels
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: bowel
context 1: I have been to the bowels of this site and with
context 2: pain gets lower in your bowels but you can not poop
context 3: chance , stumbling around the bowels of the internet . I

term: suffers
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: suffer
context 1: read . Did anyone who suffers from acid reflux before the
context 2: to see if anyone else suffers with this problem . Not
context 3: friends ca n’t burp and suffers the same symptoms , and

term: googling
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: googling
context 1: result of frantic / angry googling , as I have been
context 2: . Only then I started googling and found this lovely community
context 3: I remember googling not burping a few years

term: Make
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: make
context 1: what the price is . Make sure you ask them before
context 2: least once a day . Make sure you are alone when
context 3: with new data . ---- Make Your Own Poll Here **[

term: organs
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: organ
context 1: tension , and throw your organs back into place . *
context 2: breath or feeling like my organs are squished together ( which
context 3: months while I had various organs removed and chemo chaser .

term: propped
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: proppe
context 1: in a recliner or more propped up than I already do
context 2: I still need to sleep propped up on pillows or the
context 3: a generic heartburn tablet and propped myself up a bit so

term: states
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: state
context 1: doctor in Colorado or nearby states that performs the botox treatment
context 2: people are doing in the states . She said that it
context 3: of going down to the states for treatment with one of

term: discouraged
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: discouraged
context 1: . I am heartbroken and discouraged , and do nt know
context 2: with it . I feel discouraged and afraid the Botox wo
context 3: but I just feel really discouraged by being denied . Any

term: Always
frequency: 81
lemmatized_to: always
context 1: too much . 1 ) Always have gas -x on hand
context 2: Always large size pants or jogging
context 3: as I can remember . Always thought I had ibs even

term: Normal
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: normal
context 1: Baked goods . Candy . Normal milk ( I ’ve now
context 2: Gastric Emptying occurs in the Normal physiological time ’ 3 .
context 3: fun after a workout . Normal teenage boy stuff . After

term: NEVER
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: never
context 1: 33 and have never , NEVER burped . Instead I get
context 2: Bulimic . Remember I have NEVER Thrown up . I do
context 3: I ca n’t . I NEVER burp . I do n’t

term: accompanied
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: accompany
context 1: form from my stomach ( accompanied , of course , by
context 2: my croaking is almost always accompanied by a disgusting amount of
context 3: throat and they are n't accompanied by significant discomfort . They

term: contributing
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: contribute
context 1: but maybe this is a contributing factor for some people .
context 2: , personally , a great contributing factor . I 've been
context 3: throat which feels to be contributing to the nausea as well

term: reported
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: report
context 1: for years . Is it reported that fixing R - CPD
context 2: EEEEEE sound . I had reported that sometimes I feel like
context 3: you tried this yourselves and reported back . If so ,

term: hitting
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: hit
context 1: a 180 upside down after hitting the throat . At that
context 2: running . When I was hitting these distances I was getting
context 3: a sodastream or maybe just hitting up Costco and stocking up

term: Omeprazole
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: omeprazole
context 1: Pump Inhibitors ( Prilosec , Omeprazole , etc … ) I
context 2: wants me to get off Omeprazole , which will give me
context 3: , so they prescribed me Omeprazole twice a day . The

term: freaked
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: freak
context 1: idea of going under really freaked me out for some reason
context 2: vomit and I got so freaked out . Is that normal
context 3: so uncomfortable , and so freaked out , and I ca

term: clearing
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: clear
context 1: my mouth like I was clearing my throat . And now
context 2: noticed that as I was clearing my throat , a little
context 3: a lot of phlegm and clearing my throat because it felt

term: Next
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: next
context 1: month with the tongue . Next , release the air by
context 2: on here ! ) . Next step is to book in
context 3: finally managed a burp . Next day , two . And

term: hurting
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: hurt
context 1: if my stomach has been hurting it will generally stop afterwards
context 2: drink . Stomach is really hurting now about 6:30 pm Day
context 3: but my chest has been hurting / feeling weird for months

term: BMI
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: bmi
context 1: with Mr. Karagama at the BMI Blackheath Hospital London . But
context 2: BMI finance card
context 3: in the UK on the BMI Finance card ? It is

term: Feeling
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: feel
context 1: Feeling dumb for not realizing it
context 2: nada at this point . Feeling pretty bummed at this point
context 3: cause hyper - salivation - Feeling like I ’m being suffocated

term: fighting
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: fight
context 1: currently fighting for my life rn feeling
context 2: wondering if I ’m subconsciously fighting against the botox ? How
context 3: still sounds like I 'm fighting back tears lol . On

term: Votes
frequency: 80
lemmatized_to: votes
context 1: |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/EKplIO1q)**|Alabama|**1** Votes |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/J8K0U7v6)**|Alaska|**1**
context 2: |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/J8K0U7v6)**|Alaska|**1** Votes |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/md81TQ00)**|Arizona|**4**
context 3: |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/md81TQ00)**|Arizona|**4** Votes |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/vZLxupj7)**|Arkansas|**0**

term: understands
frequency: 79
lemmatized_to: understand
context 1: Discussing symptoms with someone who understands ?
context 2: that man . I truly understands & will actually listen to
context 3: 's actually what everyone else understands as a microburp . Maybe

term: babies
frequency: 79
lemmatized_to: baby
context 1: I do n't get food babies anymore . I can drink
context 2: or " breathing reflex " babies learn , a lot of
context 3: the time when they were babies , just in case !

term: planned
frequency: 79
lemmatized_to: plan
context 1: the issue . I still planned to go privately with him
context 2: but I had a vacation planned and chose to delay .
context 3: coast was clear and I planned to make my move while

term: Literally
frequency: 79
lemmatized_to: literally
context 1: Literally nobody else in my entire
context 2: gag me at all . Literally your anxiety about day 1
context 3: about 36 hours later . Literally the best thing I 've

term: believes
frequency: 79
lemmatized_to: believe
context 1: - friends , family - believes me that I ca n't
context 2: is the only doctor that believes me . He ’s the
context 3: to my doctor and she believes that the problem is I

term: Sunday
frequency: 79
lemmatized_to: sunday
context 1: . Now the Friday - Sunday weekend was pretty messy as
context 2: I felt so sick . Sunday was a day filled with
context 3: a bit of breakfast on Sunday . Monday noon the bloating

term: NO
frequency: 79
lemmatized_to: no
context 1: with it . There was NO Internet to search for a
context 2: And I ’m like “ NO SIR IT IS * NOT
context 3: IS ONE OF US ! NO BURP GETS FAMOUS !

term: Jan
frequency: 79
lemmatized_to: jan
context 1: I had botox done in Jan 2021 and again in Jan
context 2: Jan 2021 and again in Jan 2022 , the first time
context 3: scheduled the procedure for 11 Jan in Fremont Ca . I

term: experimenting
frequency: 79
lemmatized_to: experiment
context 1: days after . I started experimenting with twisting my head in
context 2: . I have also been experimenting with moving my body ,
context 3: botox and I 've been experimenting with different burping techniques .

term: consuming
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: consume
context 1: after a large meal or consuming a lot of beer .
context 2: / gurgling and discomfort after consuming coffee ? I do n't
context 3: buying gallons of sodas and consuming them in great quantities over

term: Bloating
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: bloating
context 1: endo pains and 4 . Bloating / air in stomach and
context 2: noises in my throat . Bloating has also been a problem
context 3: I really get nausea . Bloating I would say yes .

term: feet
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: foot
context 1: claimed was applied to my feet . After asking them to
context 2: started a massage in my feet and it was very painful
context 3: to put me on my feet ... i burped again .

term: grew
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: grow
context 1: I grew out of it
context 2: gas settled down as I grew up . Some time during
context 3: enough , but as I grew older I realized it was

term: ages
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: age
context 1: and I wish I had ages ago !!!! Up until 6
context 2: than I have felt in ages . More to come .
context 3: 've been anticipating this for ages , my anxiety and dislike

term: portions
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: portion
context 1: learned to switch to smaller portions and cups , like 8oz
context 2: Along with food , smaller portions in general help . *
context 3: of food and eating small portions . Today I had a

term: injecting
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: inject
context 1: i have a question : injecting botox kinda scares me ,
context 2: the throat , rather than injecting externally . Is it any
context 3: scope the other week by injecting some steroid into that .

term: Snelleman
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: snelleman
context 1: the Dutch ENT , Dr Snelleman today and could n't be
context 2: Dr. Snelleman .. concerned of intake after
context 3: on this sub about dr Snelleman ( i have an appointment

term: ADHD
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: adhd
context 1: time ? + Interaction with ADHD medication .
context 2: it does feel like my ADHD medication ( Methylphenidate ) makes
context 3: condition and its interactions with ADHD medication , I 'd love

term: RCP
frequency: 78
lemmatized_to: rcp
context 1: secretary that she does treat RCP - D and Dr Yung
context 2: other people out there with RCP ?
context 3: I then tried to explain RCP - D to him again

term: worried
frequency: 77
lemmatized_to: worried
context 1: the point where I was worried of making myself vomit at
context 2: Awaiting an endoscopy , worried about the air they 're
context 3: old ) and I 'm worried she will say that my

term: meaning
frequency: 77
lemmatized_to: mean
context 1: this by a well - meaning doctor who was just trying
context 2: of R - CPD , meaning the esophageal sphincter is too
context 3: not getting any side effects meaning it did n’t work !

term: claims
frequency: 77
lemmatized_to: claim
context 1: that they have made successful claims . I just wondered how
context 2: convincing their Vitality GP or claims team to accept the treatment
context 3: paid the surgeon and anesthesiologist claims , but denied all facility

term: Barium
frequency: 77
lemmatized_to: barium
context 1: the office in May , Barium swallow in June , and
context 2: GI , Upper Endoscopy , Barium Enema , Colonoscopy and so
context 3: need to book a Modified Barium Swallow with our Speech Pathologist

term: Life
frequency: 77
lemmatized_to: life
context 1: Life as a NoBurper . ::
context 2: Life Changing appointment with Utah Doctor
context 3: My Burpless Life

term: burning
frequency: 77
lemmatized_to: burning
context 1: is also joined with constant burning feeling in my stomach -
context 2: night , and with the burning from the reflux , it
context 3: problems put down to acid burning my cords in the night

term: Might
frequency: 77
lemmatized_to: might
context 1: Anti -hiccup device . Might this have an effect on
context 2: 10 second long burp . Might enter a contest . I
context 3: psychological health so much . Might seem silly to an outsider

term: sodas
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: soda
context 1: obvious gaseous foods such as sodas and I was good .
context 2: . Growing up though , sodas became more and more unbearable
context 3: carbon dioxide that 's in sodas is absorbed more in the

term: hardest
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: hard
context 1: and bread are still the hardest to swallow . It can
context 2: vomiting is one of the hardest things ever . So they
context 3: gurgle , I try my hardest to push and squeeze out

term: massages
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: massage
context 1: and reading up on cricoid massages and all of that shit
context 2: me too . Some throat massages . Throat Chakra Meditation .
context 3: , like shakers or neck massages , to either relax or

term: sucked
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: suck
context 1: couple days , but it sucked every single day of the
context 2: say , although the recovery sucked and was very uncomfortable ,
context 3: me , wisdom teeth just sucked cause it was so painful

term: Pretty
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: pretty
context 1: higher than average farts . Pretty strange stuff
context 2: feel a lot worse . Pretty much .. does this condition
context 3: are a neck breather ! Pretty hard to change something you

term: beginning
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: beginning
context 1: was especially stressed in the beginning when it started . Now
context 2: forevvvvver , and at the beginning of the new year ,
context 3: going food shopping at the beginning of next week and I

term: MD
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: md
context 1: this procedure in Baltimore , MD at Johns Hopkins with Dr.
context 2: Cincy / NKY MD
context 3: Add Dr. Andrew Tkaczuk , MD to Wiki

term: tasted
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: taste
context 1: a few microburps . Or tasted them . I 'm not
context 2: . But the second one tasted like vomit and I got
context 3: escaped as I smelled / tasted the burp in my mouth

term: advised
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: advise
context 1: croak production ... recently was advised to try a 3 -
context 2: worse . My doctor has advised me to continue the use
context 3: / bruise . Dr Lin advised to not eat or drink

term: rounds
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: round
context 1: this condition and my 2 rounds of Botox . If anyone
context 2: ago , the first 2 rounds were food and liquid ,
context 3: blowjob . After a few rounds of some deep - throating

term: -Botox
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: -botox
context 1: ear pain 4 days post -Botox and it ’s worst in
context 2: ’m nearly two months post -Botox and I feel like sometimes
context 3: anyone faced inconsistent burping post -Botox ?

term: Congrats
frequency: 76
lemmatized_to: congrat
context 1: glad to hear that ! Congrats ! I have a big
context 2: burp under your control ! Congrats !
context 3: / do the procedure . Congrats on getting the procedure !

term: switched
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: switch
context 1: milk ( I ’ve now switched to lactose free even though
context 2: tried . Recently though I switched to an electric toothbrush .
context 3: the next week I completely switched over my diet . Not

term: God
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: god
context 1: my white shirt . Thank God I left a few minutes
context 2: times that I believe in God . I probably ca n’t
context 3: to come out ( thank God I did not get alcohol

term: tricks
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: trick
context 1: Tips and tricks ?
context 2: What are some tips and tricks you nonburpers use to deal
context 3: any advice / tips / tricks that helped you when you

term: noted
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: note
context 1: , but this should be noted for people looking into getting
context 2: working , and BVI has noted that the average age of
context 3: filled in the stomach and noted with too and fro motion

term: chose
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: choose
context 1: had a vacation planned and chose to delay . Overall the
context 2: Bastian speculated that most people chose the full surgery because they
context 3: food time , I had chose ceaser salad and apple juice

term: training
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: training
context 1: my way to a work training event . I 'm wearing
context 2: hard squatting with a tight training belt on , it almost
context 3: and I think it 's training my ability to actually burp

term: fees
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: fee
context 1: you avoid the day surgery fees , which run about $
context 2: hook anyway . Without those fees , the full cost of
context 3: surgery + Botox + anesthesia fees . Is anyone in a

term: picked
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: pick
context 1: to say , I quickly picked up my pace and power
context 2: , the fallen skull is picked up ) performed that fused
context 3: feel like recently it ’s picked up more than ever .

term: regurgitating
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: regurgitate
context 1: of them wet , sometimes regurgitating a little . I do
context 2: extra effects or if the regurgitating would last longer . Plus
context 3: by 3 weeks . Still regurgitating . Sometimes immediately after I

term: moves
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: move
context 1: a beat when the gas moves up or down but today
context 2: of gas in the esophagus moves back and forth , you
context 3: how your throat feels and moves during a microburp * Try

term: sits
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: sit
context 1: is dilated so air just sits there which is a classic
context 2: up my throat and just sits in the back of my
context 3: up of gas that just sits in my chest and causes

term: facing
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: face
context 1: as well when I ’m facing forward . I will also
context 2: I still ca n't burp facing forward . Another thing I
context 3: , I could do it facing forwards ( so not even

term: relaxes
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: relax
context 1: sphincter ) . The botox relaxes the muscle and allows it
context 2: sphincter in the stomach also relaxes . The sphincter is closed
context 3: . I know the Botox relaxes your throat and causes the

term: hospitals
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: hospital
context 1: Manchester on list of preferred hospitals , which could mean paying
context 2: in a locale with top hospitals ; I found a doctor
context 3: been in and out of hospitals since I was 16 (

term: fluids
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: fluid
context 1: 'm drinking a ton of fluids quickly . Main takeaway is
context 2: pushing the boundaries . Drinking fluids ( carbonated or not )
context 3: do anything except give me fluids . I did a urine

term: bent
frequency: 75
lemmatized_to: bend
context 1: experienced this ?! I was bent over in the rest room
context 2: if I laid down or bent over right after I ate
context 3: to keep my lower spine bent inward all night as I

term: Wish
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: wish
context 1: into an almighty fart . Wish I could say I was
context 2: so messed up ) . Wish I could have gotten this
context 3: my progress after Botox . Wish me luck :) PS :

term: Bastians
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: bastian
context 1: done two weeks ago ( Bastians # 104 ! ) .
context 2: across this community and Dr Bastians work and oh my god
context 3: diminishes as a number of Bastians patients experienced . She is

term: '
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: '
context 1: when it finally comes out ' cause I 'm immediately relieved
context 2: until it passes out the ' back door ' so to
context 3: out the ' back door ' so to speak , even

term: creating
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: create
context 1: , and thank you for creating this community . Signed ,
context 2: soft drinks like water its creating air bubbles as is me
context 3: and that you 're just creating a daft noise . But

term: MUCH
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: much
context 1: random and infrequent \( but MUCH more frequent\ ) than ,
context 2: FRIENDS WHY I FART SO MUCH OMG I LOVE THIS
context 3: find the problem to get MUCH worse if i 'm drinking

term: breaks
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: break
context 1: times I chew , take breaks between bites , and just
context 2: have to take regular horizontal breaks just to get minor relief
context 3: and I have to take breaks to force them out ,

term: pulling
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: pull
context 1: there . I 'll be pulling up this subreddit the next
context 2: nauseated , like they 're pulling food up . I 'm
context 3: treated esophageal sphincter ends up pulling some air into my stomach

term: sending
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: send
context 1: itself . They are now sending me a revised bill for
context 2: or 2 . I m sending the absolute best wishes to
context 3: IN !!!!! :) She is sending a letter to my family

term: USA
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: usa
context 1: ’m from New Jersey , USA , almost 70 years old
context 2: CPD Doctor in Connecticut ( USA ) !
context 3: in Portland , Oregon , USA . The whole care team

term: TO
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: to
context 1: WHAT I ALWAYS HAD TO EXPLAIN TO MY FRIENDS WHY
context 2: I ALWAYS HAD TO EXPLAIN TO MY FRIENDS WHY I FART
context 3: : &nbsp ; ** HOW TO GAG ** Two ways .

term: Thankfully
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: thankfully
context 1: go to the hospital . Thankfully the effects were very short
context 2: ‘ inside burps ’ ? Thankfully it seems like my body
context 3: start talking about this . Thankfully she was a resident at

term: hanging
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: hang
context 1: adjustment period when I 'm hanging out with new people ,
context 2: this many people who are hanging around and discussing this stuff
context 3: worse and I ’m barely hanging on . I know I

term: decreased
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: decrease
context 1: and my evening bloating definetly decreased . But it is becoming
context 2: of my stomach has drastically decreased . I burp basically all
context 3: PET happens when there is decreased pressure on the eustachian tube

term: Tums
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: tum
context 1: to help , but not Tums ( at all ) only
context 2: this . I sometimes take Tums to battle the silent reflux
context 3: but I ’ve found the Tums can make the throat gurgles

term: Health
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: health
context 1: Otolaryngologist at Yale New Haven Health , performed the botox procedure
context 2: England and the Department of Health and Social Care myself next
context 3: with Dr. Spiegel at Jefferson Health in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .

term: saved
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: save
context 1: is a wizard and has saved my life . I ca
context 2: but Dr. Tritter quite literally saved my life . It ’s
context 3: sub because you all have saved my daughter 's life ,

term: ur
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: your
context 1: . And if they think ur weird because u have to
context 2: try placing a weight on ur forehead and / or pushing
context 3: to the left or pushing ur head slightly forward whilst keeping

term: Medical
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: medical
context 1: Medical question : If the most
context 2: 550 Peachtree Street Northeast , Medical Office Tower , Fl 9
context 3: procedure done at Ascension Seton Medical Center and the whole process

term: recognized
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: recognize
context 1: in Hamburg : https://mevoc.de/r-cpd-ich-kann-nicht-ruelpsen/ I recognized symptoms I 'd never paid
context 2: exist since no one else recognized it as a real condition
context 3: it ’s a relatively new recognized condition . I only mention

term: quicker
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: quick
context 1: It does help relieve bloating quicker and I 'm finally starting
context 2: air vomit it gets better quicker , but if not it
context 3: force the gas bubble up quicker , but it always breaks

term: pre-Botox
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: pre-botox
context 1: ” are similar to my pre-Botox gurgles where it ’s just
context 2: bloating pain , etc for pre-Botox days ) . So yes
context 3: I 'm also thinking that pre-Botox hardly a day went by

term: knees
frequency: 74
lemmatized_to: knee
context 1: I would get on my knees to get it again if
context 2: time ... hands on my knees I began dry - heaving
context 3: from three inches below the knees instead of deadlifts could be

term: provides
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: provide
context 1: open - and it usually provides more instant relief . This
context 2: do is gurgle and it provides no relief . I ’m
context 3: it helps ... AND it provides relief in the immediate when

term: pulled
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: pull
context 1: to the side , shoulders pulled back ( not sure why
context 2: and something “ slipped or pulled ” in his lower chest
context 3: strong gag reflex and instinctively pulled away and had to try

term: passes
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: pass
context 1: can only wait until it passes out the ' back door
context 2: it out until the gas passes through . Obvious causations ,
context 3: feels sick , but it passes and she does n’t want

term: Tylenol
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: tylenol
context 1: deal , and managing with Tylenol . Still swallowing and non-burping
context 2: a very sore throat but Tylenol and ice cream have done
context 3: gave me some high strength Tylenol , apple sauce , and

term: Felt
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: felt
context 1: had a little breakfast . Felt a gurgle coming on ,
context 2: while I was drinking . Felt like I was going to
context 3: with Lucy Hicklin yesterday ! Felt fine during and after felt

term: migraines
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: migraine
context 1: unpleasant for me : during migraines and when drinking beer .
context 2: I have long suffered from migraines , and have seen doctors
context 3: more beer . Like with migraines , I want to burp

term: remedies
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: remedy
context 1: . Are there any home remedies that I can take to
context 2: and have any tips or remedies to relive them ?
context 3: Any non-surgical remedies ?

term: classes
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: class
context 1: Did anyone do yoga classes in the days / weeks
context 2: for one of my Uni classes and I ’ve just noticed
context 3: CPD for one of my classes and I am interested in

term: Think
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: think
context 1: only threw up air . Think it ’s related to my
context 2: drink water with it . Think I may have had one
context 3: I 'm thankful for . Think I may have started to

term: POTS
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: pots
context 1: included Ehlers - Danlos , POTS , SIBO , chronic headaches
context 2: knowing of my hEDS and POTS , this has been super
context 3: a cardiologist for dysautonomia / POTS ) , I ’ll be

term: Belgium
frequency: 73
lemmatized_to: belgium
context 1: 3 months post Botox in Belgium
context 2: I had the procedure in Belgium , with Dr Delsupehe on
context 3: am a GP myself in Belgium and have never heard of

term: producing
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: produce
context 1: whatever reason my stomach is producing a lot more gas than
context 2: . My saliva is constantly producing , which is now upsetting
context 3: amount of farts i 'm producing at evening should illegal *

term: PM
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: p.m.
context 1: Will keep posted . 8 PM - WHOA ! I am
context 2: describe it here , but PM me if you want a
context 3: morning , it 's 5 PM now and I still feel

term: Clinic
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: clinic
context 1: Nose & Throat Park Nicollet Clinic and Specialty Center St. Louis
context 2: Dr. Bastian at the Day Clinic of Good Samaritan Hospital in
context 3: Hu or Pacific Spirit Voice Clinic know that I alerted other

term: closing
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: close
context 1: grateful ! We will be closing down the study soon ,
context 2: and vomit fear : Survey closing March 22
context 3: that we are planning on closing the survey on March 22

term: occurred
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: occur
context 1: but I 'm guessing it occurred because too much gas built
context 2: in my life that has occurred when I tried the movement
context 3: time , but it JUST occurred to me that it might

term: claimed
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: claim
context 1: agent on the phone initially claimed was applied to my feet
context 2: from bloating . He also claimed that I had a poor
context 3: R - CPD . He claimed that if you are capable

term: misdiagnosed
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: misdiagnose
context 1: solution after years of being misdiagnosed and constantly feeling like crap
context 2: in agony ... I was misdiagnosed with an ulcer aged 14
context 3: . I ve also been misdiagnosed with IBS . I spoke

term: Okay
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: okay
context 1: I have healthy burps . Okay , not velociraptor roar level
context 2: Okay so I just found this
context 3: was the only one 😭 Okay so I ’ve read that

term: sucking
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: suck
context 1: . A person should keep sucking air this way until an
context 2: night chilling , eating / sucking on a hard candy when
context 3: 's a little bit like sucking on a straw but the

term: performing
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: perform
context 1: my passion for singing and performing , ruins my self esteem
context 2: will be his first time performing this procedure but since he
context 3: 6 hours between eating and performing to ensure I will not

term: proven
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: prove
context 1: but that it 's not proven either way to help .
context 2: issues , etc . Nothing proven . Nothing worked . Results
context 3: the inability to burp , proven by an upper esophageus manometry

term: scheduling
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: schedule
context 1: ) , my doctor recommends scheduling the 2nd injection without waiting
context 2: esophagus . Dr. Massey is scheduling a follow up endoscopy to
context 3: I 'm very close to scheduling an appointment for the Botox

term: crackers
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: cracker
context 1: if I eat bread or crackers or rice sometimes that soothes
context 2: 3 days except a few crackers and half a pedialyte .
context 3: eat a dry food like crackers or biscuits . Does anyone

term: attached
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: attach
context 1: that my noburp could be attached to other issues and I
context 2: I ’ve attached a video of myself (
context 3: CCG ) with my email attached to enquire and request RCPD

term: Adam
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: adam
context 1: of your neck above the Adam ’s apple as you protrude
context 2: and thumb massage below the Adam 's apple area , turn
context 3: on the side of my Adam ’s apple feels a lil

term: Yup
frequency: 72
lemmatized_to: yup
context 1: time to drink soda . Yup , they are coming now
context 2: someone 's face unintentionally ? Yup . Gon na have to
context 3: a friend 's house ? Yup - fucking blows . I

term: joined
frequency: 71
lemmatized_to: join
context 1: remains . This is also joined with constant burning feeling in
context 2: non-burpers ) ! I just joined Reddit specifically to add my
context 3: general , I really only joined Reddit for this group .

term: Super
frequency: 71
lemmatized_to: super
context 1: asking for a friend :( Super stoked to be here yall
context 2: in Irvine , CA !!! Super excited starting to get nervous
context 3: did your procedure take ? Super excited to fix this problem

term: Back
frequency: 71
lemmatized_to: back
context 1: now considering this predicament . Back to the vent real quick
context 2: has never happened before ! Back to soups and smoothies I
context 3: soup . Day 16 : Back to work . I am

term: relieves
frequency: 71
lemmatized_to: relieve
context 1: come out really , only relieves the nausea for a bit
context 2: my gurgles kind of temporarily relieves that feeling , but it
context 3: to produce any burp which relieves me , microburps do nothing

term: complaining
frequency: 71
lemmatized_to: complain
context 1: so I am not really complaining . Swallowing is almost completely
context 2: partum ?? Honestly im not complaining im so happy that this
context 3: ( not that I ’m complaining ! ) it just feels

term: See
frequency: 71
lemmatized_to: see
context 1: See AsthmaAnswers for more !
context 2: , they create magic . See below : Vocalisations - these
context 3: are my symptoms changing ? See I know you can do

term: focusing
frequency: 71
lemmatized_to: focus
context 1: probably comes down to simply focusing on the burping more while
context 2: imitate that low noise , focusing on opening that bottom throat
context 3: n't \- Since I started focusing on my keratosis pilaris I

term: Vancouver
frequency: 70
lemmatized_to: vancouver
context 1: at the UBC Hospital in Vancouver , BC in a few
context 2: Canadian who had Boox in Vancouver . I considered it a
context 3: Botox Surgery , Vancouver Canada , July 5th !

term: preventing
frequency: 70
lemmatized_to: prevent
context 1: a really good way of preventing gurgles / croaks is taking
context 2: throat as a way of preventing future episodes at all cost
context 3: also feels like air is preventing liquid or food from going

term: sports
frequency: 70
lemmatized_to: sport
context 1: strong swimmers or did water sports while young ?
context 2: not when I do certain sports or activities , mainly swimming
context 3: I ca n’t go play sports , I ca n’t go

term: easiest
frequency: 70
lemmatized_to: easy
context 1: ) . For me the easiest way to induce the esophageal
context 2: , it 's not the easiest thing to try and descibe
context 3: sound like it ’s the easiest thing they do - they

term: varies
frequency: 70
lemmatized_to: vary
context 1: 's a point ( it varies : ten or , fifteen
context 2: I know it varies a lot , but how
context 3: and expect the success rate varies by doctor , but thought

term: Sydney
frequency: 70
lemmatized_to: sydney
context 1: year . I ’m from Sydney , Australia . I have
context 2: was possible there could be Sydney and Melbourne specialists who have
context 3: it works !! I 'm Sydney and wondering if anyone has

term: refused
frequency: 70
lemmatized_to: refuse
context 1: vomiting that my body just refused to do it . I
context 2: my 6 year old being refused referral via Gastroenterologist , even
context 3: throat was incredibly dangerous and refused to do anything except from

term: Her
frequency: 70
lemmatized_to: her
context 1: of gym class sometimes ) Her asthma test was negative .
context 2: a few months ago . Her office requires a referral from
context 3: feel strong and healthy . Her main symptoms are bloating ,

term: checking
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: check
context 1: I remember checking this subreddit every day about
context 2: if you were to be checking your breath or digging a
context 3: of tests on me ( checking for cancer , allergies ,

term: EDIT
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: edit
context 1: procedure . * CONTINUATION / EDIT * 1st Full Day After
context 2: op ! * CONTINUATION / EDIT * 2nd Full Day After
context 3: that ! * CONTINUATION / EDIT * 3rd Full Day After

term: drove
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: drive
context 1: and my brother and I drove to Chicago yesterday morning .
context 2: , my parents and I drove out to Chicago for the
context 3: time you breathe ?! I drove for ten hours today to

term: induced
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: induce
context 1: been using the gag reflex induced burping method since I became
context 2: my throat , which then induced anxiety related to it which
context 3: but they are pretty reliably induced by eating too big a

term: rolling
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: roll
context 1: stomach pain . I remember rolling around on the floor in
context 2: 20 cm to avoid acid rolling into my throat . The
context 3: ; On Monday , while rolling round the bathroom floor in

term: tums
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: tum
context 1: &#x200B ; However , sometimes tums do relive the gurgling .
context 2: issues . Should I try tums ? My coworker said lexium
context 3: should share anyways ! the tums gas relief have recently been

term: chips
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: chip
context 1: solid foods , even ice chips . Has anyone else had
context 2: . I was given ice chips and pudding ( ca n't
context 3: pita bread / hummus , chips / queso , etc just

term: Boston
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: boston
context 1: Dr Teng in Boston
context 2: consult with Dr. Teng in Boston on Friday . Anyone have
context 3: with Dr. Thomas Carroll in Boston . he has been amazing

term: resources
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: resource
context 1: community and some other helpful resources online , I ’ve finally
context 2: email I included loads of resources from the wiki , links
context 3: have the patients or the resources to legitimize this condition through

term: produces
frequency: 69
lemmatized_to: produce
context 1: relief , but it also produces the ridiculously horrific sound of
context 2: my chest , and it produces some weird noises which sound
context 3: condition . Basically the patient produces excessive amount of urine in

term: Days
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: day
context 1: This witchcraft works ! 3 Days After : Be careful what
context 2: to report more . - Days 3 - 18 : So
context 3: terrified of throwing up . Days before that happened I read

term: throats
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: throat
context 1: in the back of my throats forever , and no amount
context 2: Maybe the muscle in our throats that does n’t let us
context 3: - CPD and getting sore throats / losing your voice more

term: non-burpers
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: non-burper
context 1: Fellow non-burpers !!
context 2: Greetings , fellow non-burpers ( and former non-burpers )
context 3: fellow non-burpers ( and former non-burpers ) ! I just joined

term: messed
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: mess
context 1: ( because I ’m so messed up ) . Wish I
context 2: but lately it 's really messed with my body image and
context 3: its truly healthy and just messed up from noburp .

term: reducing
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: reduce
context 1: anyone have any tips for reducing bloat as a noburper ?
context 2: ) . Sore throat is reducing . Just need to make
context 3: , and my bloating was reducing . I began chugging those

term: participated
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: participate
context 1: ! If you have n't participated and would like to ,
context 2: want to thank everyone who participated in this , we all
context 3: you all so much who participated . This was picked up

term: legs
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: leg
context 1: It 's frustrating because my legs , stamina etc is all
context 2: better when done with your legs curled up ) i 'm
context 3: sit leaning back with my legs out in front of me

term: Absolutely
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: absolutely
context 1: relieve all the pressure . Absolutely my favourite effect is that
context 2: Absolutely crying ... For years I
context 3: forced but still nothing . Absolutely Gutted . I 'm back

term: Jennifer
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: jennifer
context 1: He referred me to Dr Jennifer Anderson , and I had
context 2: Appointment with Dr. Jennifer Anderson
context 3: my first appointment with Dr. Jennifer Anderson tomorrow in Toronto .

term: runs
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: run
context 1: Tums a lot . Heartburn runs in the family ; I
context 2: day , one episode just runs into the next meal which
context 3: coming up and my emetophobia runs off the rails . Do

term: providers
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: provider
context 1: a lot of health care providers are clueless when you provide
context 2: Locations of providers
context 3: It ’s so frustrating having providers who did n’t listen and

term: researched
frequency: 68
lemmatized_to: research
context 1: I researched as many ENT 's as
context 2: the celiacs . I have researched R - CPD alot and
context 3: BRUH . I researched the inability to burp a

term: ribs
frequency: 67
lemmatized_to: rib
context 1: at the bottom of my ribs very intensely , and then
context 2: stabbing / burning in his ribs / up his midline .
context 3: stomach ( right under your ribs in the middle ) and

term: Noburp
frequency: 67
lemmatized_to: noburp
context 1: treated instead of the usual Noburp experience of getting the runaround
context 2: Noburp group hug
context 3: Noburp , SIBO , or both

term: subsided
frequency: 67
lemmatized_to: subside
context 1: later my acid reflux has subsided considerably and I am left
context 2: of the day but it subsided after that . The next
context 3: , and once the hiccups subsided ( about 5 min )

term: tensing
frequency: 67
lemmatized_to: tens
context 1: normal . Burping is just tensing your throat muscles to trigger
context 2: out . By kind of tensing my diaphragm and pushing it
context 3: being anxious about it and tensing up . All these symptoms

term: cans
frequency: 67
lemmatized_to: can
context 1: was told to drink 3 cans of Carnation Instant Breakfasts a
context 2: got my fridge stocked with cans of pepsi max but think
context 3: I was drinking like 3 cans of fizzy water and soda

term: consequences
frequency: 67
lemmatized_to: consequence
context 1: Maybe I never realized the consequences because I was so used
context 2: healthy or I suffer the consequences ... I ’m wondering if
context 3: has experienced long term unforeseen consequences ? 3 ) Has anyone

term: Netherlands
frequency: 67
lemmatized_to: netherlands
context 1: travelled to Manchester from the Netherlands last Sunday and had the
context 2: from my home country the Netherlands to Manchester , UK to
context 3: Noburp in the Netherlands ?

term: fed
frequency: 67
lemmatized_to: feed
context 1: while bc I ’m honestly fed up with this condition and
context 2: sick . I am absolutely fed up of this and it
context 3: supplements and offered to be fed through tubes till it passed

term: paralyzed
frequency: 67
lemmatized_to: paralyze
context 1: I ’m miserable and feel paralyzed by this . I only
context 2: . Since the botox has paralyzed my Upper Esophageal Sphincter (
context 3: — so the muscle is paralyzed but your throat is already

term: CAN
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: can
context 1: that much money , you CAN have it done on the
context 2: know that you 100 % CAN . It is a combination
context 3: - Botox Canada ( YOU CAN HAVE THIS TOO , CANADIANS

term: contributed
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: contribute
context 1: so many factors that possibly contributed , but that was the
context 2: again , and maybe that contributed ? I never fully understood
context 3: but nonetheless , might have contributed to my choking . Anyways

term: Esophagus
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: esophagus
context 1: acid backing up into the Esophagus , GERD . GERD is
context 2: Botox done with Barrett ’s Esophagus ?
context 3: but also has Barrett ’s Esophagus ?

term: teens
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: teen
context 1: a cure . In my teens I learned a procedure that
context 2: . Reflux diagnosed in early teens . Excessive flatulence . In
context 3: CPD up into my late teens . When I was around

term: Pittman
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: pittman
context 1: ’m going to Dr. Michael Pittman in New York city for
context 2: Dr Pittman ?
context 3: , has anyone seen Dr. Pittman and had the procedure done

term: recovering
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: recover
context 1: infection . As I was recovering with post nasal drip ,
context 2: it ’s because I ’m recovering from general anaesthesia and tired
context 3: great releasing of tension and recovering , and do this consistently

term: NoBurp
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: noburp
context 1: NoBurp vs Allergic Asthma ?
context 2: NoBurp / R - CPD and
context 3: just sitting here , browsing NoBurp and things like that .

term: bits
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: bit
context 1: it was streaked with tiny bits of blood , but absolutely
context 2: I have to eat little bits and plan my means ahead
context 3: never fully puked , but bits of liquid did come up

term: Lerner
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: lerner
context 1: His name is Dr. Michael Lerner and was recommended to me
context 2: reflux or vomiting . Dr. Lerner seems very “ collaborative ”
context 3: Dr. Lerner , an Otolaryngologist at Yale

term: England
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: england
context 1: for botox procedure in New England ? Let me just say
context 2: that procedure in the New England / Northeastern United States area
context 3: 'm 24 M in North England wondering if this is something

term: fits
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: fit
context 1: Sneezing fits because of noBurp ?
context 2: have these very heavy sneezing fits and never knew where they
context 3: one of my no burp fits at a wedding yesterday .

term: France
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: france
context 1: Botox in France - Paris
context 2: doctor who did botox in France ! I have an appointment
context 3: back north through Switzerland and France . On the day of

term: Wimbledon
frequency: 66
lemmatized_to: wimbledon
context 1: at Parkside Private Hospital in Wimbledon at 10:50 this morning with
context 2: with Dr Lucy Hicklin in Wimbledon and shes does this procedure
context 3: to the Parkside clinic in Wimbledon for treatment by Lucy Hicklin

term: Sure
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: sure
context 1: I had heard about . Sure enough it helped force the
context 2: try to air vomit . Sure enough , loud and forceful
context 3: And that 's that . Sure , I 'm certainly no

term: excited
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: excited
context 1: I was so surprised and excited about my new found talent
context 2: appointment with the GI but excited to maybe fix this shit
context 3: I could n’t be more excited ! So thankful to have

term: reaching
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: reach
context 1: have in making progress in reaching a goal of curing my
context 2: Hi everyone , just reaching out to see if anyone
context 3: I 've decided to start reaching out to voice center doctors

term: Actually
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: actually
context 1: an AMAZING success rate . Actually curing a chronic condition with
context 2: with literally no issues . Actually , my entire life I
context 3: Gurgles . ” 18 . Actually looking forward to a shot

term: ya
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: you
context 1: . I hope one day ya 'll can all experience it
context 2: . Hopefully this helps some ya 'll no burpers out there
context 3: tried . I ’ll keep ya ’ll updated as time progresses

term: shown
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: show
context 1: universal , no sympathy was shown . I spent all my
context 2: the last few months have shown me maybe I still have
context 3: since a CT scan has shown my lungs themselves to be

term: Anxiety
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: anxiety
context 1: - Fear of vomitting - Anxiety - Low tolerance of fruit
context 2: Anxiety and growls
context 3: while I thought it was Anxiety , but once I realized

term: increases
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: increase
context 1: building up your gag reflex increases too ? Sometimes just the
context 2: The frequency of episodes sometimes increases during periods of chronic stress
context 3: am getting . Heart rate increases and anxiety sets in .

term: headaches
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: headache
context 1: Does anyone here experience constant headaches / other pains ? Could
context 2: I often tend to have headaches and other pains in my
context 3: up because I had chronic headaches tho . ( now I

term: Reading
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: read
context 1: Reading the botox surgery diaries /
context 2: Reading up on other people 's
context 3: tends to start working . Reading different posts seem to have

term: Facebook
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: facebook
context 1: Is there a Facebook page on this ?
context 2: Facebook group
context 3: finding a R - CPD Facebook group but has anyone else

term: Medicare
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: medicare
context 1: is $ 422 with a Medicare rebate of $ 235 as
context 2: a $ 105 rebate from Medicare . This provides important information
context 3: n't any hope subsidised with Medicare ? I 'm a solo

term: stated
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: state
context 1: In fact like others have stated when I vomit that ’s
context 2: therapy and I should have stated that more plainly — maybe
context 3: I had yesterday . I stated that my experience deserves to

term: Nausea
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: nausea
context 1: ? ) - Bloating - Nausea - If it gets bad
context 2: eat much at all . Nausea resolved slowly over 3 -
context 3: trying to force burps . Nausea is back :( So overall

term: BCBS
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: bcbs
context 1: I should reach out to BCBS myself and appeal the claim
context 2: will cost ( we have BCBS ) . We live between
context 3: lol . My insurance ( BCBS ) approved the procedure last

term: creates
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: create
context 1: pressure that apparently my body creates with these coughs . (
context 2: food down with water which creates more gurlges so I 'm
context 3: not as intense . It creates a fair amount of gas

term: Hamburg
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: hamburg
context 1: injection by Dr. Hess in Hamburg . The morning after i
context 2: the medical voice center in Hamburg : https://mevoc.de/r-cpd-ich-kann-nicht-ruelpsen/ I recognized symptoms
context 3: Charité in Berlin . In Hamburg , that 'll be not

term: reviews
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: review
context 1: will update with results and reviews ! Woohoo !
context 2: . I saw some mixed reviews about his practice ( not
context 3: attends conferences / holds interdisciplinary reviews with her colleagues .

term: Started
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: start
context 1: Day 3 post botox -** Started off with a little microburp
context 2: Started with being unable to go
context 3: Somethings I Noticed After I Started Burping

term: sipping
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: sip
context 1: meals etc . Currently even sipping water allows me to do
context 2: seat and tried to relax sipping on a ginger ale trying
context 3: practice and I just kept sipping on water hoping the feeling

term: YES
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: yes
context 1: and the answer was ** YES **! The price is quoted
context 2: an accidental burp tho ? YES Okay so , I only
context 3: day my symptoms started and YES I am an emetophobe and

term: men
frequency: 65
lemmatized_to: man
context 1: I had deep - throated men before , but I suppose
context 2: is more clearly visible on men , which is partly why
context 3: anesthesiologist brought up that most men who get this procedure are

term: remembered
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: remember
context 1: was very useful . I remembered that a lot of you
context 2: . I 've also always remembered constantly feeling bloating and almost
context 3: i remembered recently that my doctor once

term: enzymes
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: enzyme
context 1: body does n’t produce enough enzymes to digest your food .
context 2: are is a dose of enzymes already found in your body
context 3: yea I think having more enzymes in my stomach helped with

term: fell
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: fall
context 1: with the anesthesiologist until I fell asleep mid sentence . When
context 2: guys ' experiences and I fell like my case is kind
context 3: this happened ) . I fell like I 'm using the

term: broken
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: break
context 1: team . The invoice was broken down into 3 items ,
context 2: thought I was crazy or broken or something , and then
context 3: before I get my heart broken . I had my ‘

term: forms
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: form
context 1: way until an air bubble forms in the throat . The
context 2: They ’re also asking for forms of ID and for them
context 3: vs. Botox and more extreme forms of treatment . ** Background

term: fucking
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: fucking
context 1: ) but I remember how fucking miserable and debilitating it was
context 2: has been a problem for fucking YEARS . I could n’t
context 3: least , because noburp really fucking sucks and I ’ve been

term: attempting
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: attempt
context 1: ( I never vomited when attempting btw , that fear was
context 2: prior to the procedure when attempting to turn my gurgles into
context 3: with water ) . When attempting to , it blocks my

term: Turns
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: turn
context 1: it was in place . Turns out it was n't in
context 2: and holy shit … . Turns out my “ sensitive stomach
context 3: was full of gas . Turns out i have sibo (

term: Food
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: food
context 1: is n't sore anymore . Food ( even liquid ) seems
context 2: to the bed setup ? Food to eat ? Should i
context 3: probably related to burping . Food ( especially too much )

term: Swallow
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: swallow
context 1: to book a Modified Barium Swallow with our Speech Pathologist prior
context 2: last few months ( Barium Swallow , Motility Test , Gastroscopy
context 3: , just did the Barium Swallow test . Now waiting a

term: resulting
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: result
context 1: unpredictable stomach and intestines ( resulting in a lot of flatulence
context 2: . They found reflux and resulting inflammation . Will start reflux
context 3: the lack of food is resulting in a lack of burping

term: placed
frequency: 64
lemmatized_to: place
context 1: and had a colostomy stoma placed - solved nothing . His
context 2: vitals were taken , IV placed and spoke with OR nurse
context 3: about the literal study you placed in their hands perfectly describing

term: resulted
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: result
context 1: these things recently which have resulted in me being able to
context 2: tequila shots . All this resulted in me getting blackout drunk
context 3: when swallowing liquids . It resulted in me burping all day

term: Poll
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: poll
context 1: my gurgles ) [ View Poll ] ( https://www.reddit.com/poll/pfq0am)
context 2: [ View Poll ] ( https://www.reddit.com/poll/1348bh7)
context 3: Poll for those who have gotten

term: Michael
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: michael
context 1: I ’m going to Dr. Michael Pittman in New York city
context 2: I have already contacted Dr. Michael Pitman in NYC ( no
context 3: . His name is Dr. Michael Lerner and was recommended to

term: enjoying
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: enjoy
context 1: crucial normal swallowing is to enjoying the taste food , feels
context 2: miserable and prevents me from enjoying food unless I know it
context 3: holding back because I 'm enjoying this new ability so much

term: longest
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: long
context 1: , then I felt the longest , loudest , most forceful
context 2: my symptoms bc for the longest time i just thought there
context 3: Can we find the longest botox success story on here

term: rays
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: ray
context 1: ekg and chest X - rays that showed nothing so I
context 2: Also , are x - rays a common form of testing
context 3: swallow x 2 X - rays - lost count Colonic manometry

term: Due
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: due
context 1: and being severely underweight . Due to this I had a
context 2: or had a hiccup . Due to my noburp , I
context 3: itself to not burp ? Due to my fear ? So

term: degrees
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: degree
context 1: ' the burp in various degrees , which tells me it
context 2: it seems there are varying degrees of severity of " no
context 3: been sitting up at 90 degrees all day because I thought

term: NC
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: nc
context 1: Dr. Holmes in Raleigh , NC and he gave me 200
context 2: on Dr. Holmes in Raleigh NC
context 3: ( Dr. Holmes Raleigh , NC

term: Each
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: each
context 1: EVER called me back . Each time I would have to
context 2: Bastians method and findings . Each attempt was shut down .
context 3: long without trying this . Each time I induce a burp

term: hydrated
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: hydrate
context 1: is dehydration . When adequately hydrated , the tissue in the
context 2: and 1/2 days to stay hydrated and not get weak because
context 3: i 'm not actually very hydrated ) , like it 's

term: holds
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: hold
context 1: 5 reps of 30 second holds during my shower , with
context 2: with increasing the duration of holds , and the amount of
context 3: ’ll notice is she only holds for 5 seconds . Like

term: saving
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: save
context 1: these episodes would be my saving grace . The last straw
context 2: Thankfully , I had my saving grace - I \* could
context 3: n’t fully cover so just saving up all my $$ until

term: Hang
frequency: 63
lemmatized_to: hang
context 1: experience on this one . Hang in there everyone ♥️
context 2: start working on this . Hang in there :D
context 3: and then said , " Hang on , get back on

term: includes
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: include
context 1: Simpsons TV show , who includes a burp in most of
context 2: initial consultation with Dr Broadhurst includes a videostroboscopy and the cost
context 3: The botox injection procedure includes a pharyngoscopy - does this

term: miles
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: mile
context 1: around for a bunch of miles or what but all of
context 2: about 15 km ( 9 miles ? ) . Then everything
context 3: even if it was still miles better than nothing . But

term: American
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: american
context 1: TON of interaction with the American medical system , Dr Schiffer
context 2: better compared to the average American ) This has happened to
context 3: in all of the South American countries would be great to

term: None
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: none
context 1: None burpers are the real oppressed
context 2: swallowing and throwing up . None of my family believed me
context 3: about regurgitation , etc . None the less , I 'm

term: cleared
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: clear
context 1: and all IBS symptoms have cleared up . 6 . No
context 2: exercising ( but I was cleared for asthma , nothing wrong
context 3: and assume it will have cleared up by then but will

term: hits
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: hit
context 1: 88 pounds ) so liquor hits me fast , especially if
context 2: travels up my esophagus , hits the top of my throat
context 3: suddenly feels cold when it hits the back of your throat

term: squeezing
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: squeez
context 1: effort ( think bending , squeezing , rocking ) . About
context 2: 5 minutes pushing around and squeezing my cricoid . Literally 2
context 3: of feels like someone is squeezing my throat , makes it

term: Inability
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: inability
context 1: Inability to burp after Gastric Bypass
context 2: " Experimental Botox , Description Inability to Burp . " Which
context 3: satiety Air vomiting Liquid vomiting Inability to pass stool Inability to

term: fruits
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: fruit
context 1: other cereals with milk and fruits and then thick blended soups
context 2: into a range of other fruits . When I eat something
context 3: take miralax and eat more fruits and veggies . She had

term: Je
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: je
context 1: lente s'il vous plait ? Je ne peux rien avaler de
context 2: faire des petits rots !! Je ne les contrôle pas encore
context 3: toutes les 10 secondes 🥲 Je verrais comment se passent les

term: liked
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: like
context 1: and he asked if I liked jazz and I said yes
context 2: I just decided my body liked to do weird things and
context 3: could n't decide whether I liked it or I felt like

term: Gurgling
frequency: 62
lemmatized_to: gurgle
context 1: shows all the symptoms . Gurgling , excessive bloating and sub
context 2: the last 15 years . Gurgling in my throat , pressure
context 3: begin to experience much worse Gurgling and chest pressure to the

term: emptying
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: empty
context 1: hiatus hernia Awaiting a gastric emptying study and endoscopy biopsy results
context 2: no pun intended ) and emptying my stomach , or taking
context 3: HIDA test , a gastric emptying test , and a CT

term: Tried
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: try
context 1: with the Cursed Gurgles . Tried every trick in my toolkit
context 2: solution to the issue . Tried omeprozol ( I know that
context 3: the 2 week mark ? Tried carbonation and shaker and exercises

term: hoped
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: hope
context 1: gastroparesis , so I had hoped some of those treatments might
context 2: have anticipated ? I had hoped to establish some kind of
context 3: are not as i had hoped - help ?

term: Curious
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: curious
context 1: the botox procedure done ? Curious if there were any side
context 2: it was not confirmed . Curious to hear what others costs
context 3: my flair from “ Botox Curious ” to “ Post Botox

term: falling
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: fall
context 1: Went to bed . When falling asleep I had some anxious
context 2: That felt like I was falling asleep . I kept opening
context 3: night , as i was falling asleep i woke up to

term: fixing
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: fix
context 1: . Is it reported that fixing R - CPD helps with
context 2: now , and wondering if fixing my RCPD may help my
context 3: . I 'm aware that fixing R - CPD wo n't

term: Note
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: note
context 1: to swallow etc … . Note - this is only in
context 2: I highly recommend it .** Note : do some research on
context 3: relevant information abt osteopaths ? Note : the endometriosis thing is

term: Ask
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: ask
context 1: the comments in a recent Ask Reddit post . I 've
context 2: ’s no progress happening . Ask me anything and I ’ll
context 3: further helps the bloating . Ask me for help if you

term: happier
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: happy
context 1: but it 's a much happier life . I hope one
context 2: today about how much more happier and relaxed I feel now
context 3: today and could n't be happier . Unfortunately there 's quite

term: C
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: c
context 1: IBS Mixed ( D and C ) diagnosis . - My
context 2: 'm now up to middle C woot woot ) and I
context 3: found out I had stage C esophagitis and a hiatal hernia

term: controlling
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: control
context 1: worried about .. it ’s controlling my life . has anyone
context 2: sick . Still working on controlling my burps though . That
context 3: Anyone has some advice on controlling the burps ? I 'm

term: searched
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: search
context 1: I searched and found just 1 previous
context 2: of you , I ’ve searched for years for info on
context 3: name the last time I searched . I 've never had

term: M
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: m
context 1: GP . I 'm 24 M in North England wondering if
context 2: ! I ’m currently 23 M so feeling relatively optimistic about
context 3: , I am a 19 M and have been struggling with

term: vegetables
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: vegetable
context 1: thick blended soups out of vegetables , potatos / cereals and
context 2: and said to eat more vegetables . Went to the gastro
context 3: I 've also discovered leafy vegetables get lodged in my throat

term: mornings
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: morning
context 1: it ’s worst in the mornings
context 2: I 'm fine in the mornings and it just gradually gets
context 3: . The past couple of mornings the gurgles seem to get

term: Sore
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: sore
context 1: Slightly increased difficulty swallowing . Sore throat subsiding . * Day
context 2: same as vomiting ) . Sore throat is reducing . Just
context 3: August 2nd ( 8/2 ) Sore throat did n't get any

term: gases
frequency: 61
lemmatized_to: gas
context 1: joint cracking is caused by gases so ... Could back cracking
context 2: be related to extra trapped gases that ca n't be released
context 3: , siempre estoy hinchado de gases que no expulso . Estoy

term: repeated
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: repeat
context 1: ( sometimes ) which when repeated many times over the course
context 2: this is a stupid or repeated question .. I ’ve been
context 3: just come with time and repeated movement I guess ?

term: produced
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: produce
context 1: , a burp should be produced . It ’ll be mini
context 2: . To my surprise it produced a GIGANTIC EXPLOSION of gas
context 3: round Wednesday . First one produced micro burps only when I

term: colleagues
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: colleague
context 1: have even stumped a few colleagues ! I have no access
context 2: said he would speak to colleagues and get back to me
context 3: and played it for his colleagues who had never heard of

term: America
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: america
context 1: , the National Anthem , America the Beautiful , I can
context 2: being exploited who travel to America for a privatized fix .
context 3: a saying of doctors in America apparently ) and prescribed acid

term: discovering
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: discover
context 1: have the same problem are discovering each other . Welcome to
context 2: so glad more people are discovering it so that they can
context 3: Almost two years on from discovering this sub , tomorrow is

term: solids
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: solid
context 1: eat or drink literally any solids or liquids . Having liquids
context 2: worse than when I have solids . Even water makes me
context 3: still not able to eat solids , but I sure am

term: coughed
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: cough
context 1: up . I 've never coughed up food or anything though
context 2: . Whatever . But I coughed tonight and had one hell
context 3: the familiar pressure , and coughed to let it out .

term: CA
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: ca
context 1: Botox Procedure in Irvine , CA this Wednesday !
context 2: , STE 200 Irvine , CA 92604 Phone : 714-456-7017 http://ent.uci.edu
context 3: Dr. Verma in Irvine , CA !!! Super excited starting to

term: continuing
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: continue
context 1: but I ca n’t imagine continuing like this for the rest
context 2: ’s been building up , continuing to get worse and worse
context 3: symptoms . Day 6 : continuing with occasional micoburps throughout the

term: Paddle
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: paddle
context 1: Richmond Australia with Dr Paul Paddle . Went self funded private
context 2: here are voice specialists Dr Paddle in Melbourne and Broadbeach in
context 3: at St Vincents ** Dr Paddle ** in Melbourne Is there

term: Raleigh
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: raleigh
context 1: practitioners ( Dr. Holmes in Raleigh and Dr. Hoesli at Bastian
context 2: went to Dr. Holmes in Raleigh , NC and he gave
context 3: Update on Dr. Holmes in Raleigh NC

term: activities
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: activity
context 1: out or at work doing activities or eating . It gets
context 2: I do certain sports or activities , mainly swimming , but
context 3: I was curious if normal activities / talking a lot /

term: functions
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: function
context 1: feel ashamed of our natural functions . Some days are impossible
context 2: is currently aware my esophagus functions normally aside from just holding
context 3: hee ) But all bodily functions , except burping , aside

term: damaged
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: damage
context 1: / autonomic nervous system became damaged as this controls the UES
context 2: \- My tongue was slightly damaged from all the equipment used
context 3: me worried my throat is damaged from acid reflux / noburp

term: DOCTOR
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: doctor
context 1: eat very healthy . NO DOCTOR has been able to tell
context 2: . I AM NOT A DOCTOR ... just a person with
context 3: ** I AM NOT A DOCTOR **. Information that you get

term: mashed
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: mash
context 1: foods since then ( like mashed potatoes , smoothies and ,
context 2: Just ate a lot of mashed potatoes and soup until I
context 3: : Ensure Plus , instant mashed potatoes , Wolf brand chili

term: Omg
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: omg
context 1: i did do the stretching Omg the stretching exercises ... someone
context 2: Omg I got my first big
context 3: Omg i m so happy to

term: ppl
frequency: 60
lemmatized_to: people
context 1: a lot in common with ppl here like Emotophobia , fast
context 2: me " 😭 ) Some ppl say they force burps out
context 3: are aware and so that ppl can give me nice stories

term: lets
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: let
context 1: started burping . Now he lets me rip all the time
context 2: all , but the gag lets my body expel the air
context 3: some kind of scope that lets him identify the sphincter more

term: heads
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: head
context 1: or can give me a heads up on some unexpected things
context 2: Hello ! Just a heads up that we are planning
context 3: me like i had 3 heads or something when i said

term: ll
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: will
context 1: this past week ( ' ll get it after every meal
context 2: can burp , and it ll try so hard to get
context 3: and neck mainy , it ll strain uncontrollably until the '

term: charges
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: charge
context 1: being mentioned about these additional charges by anyone here on the
context 2: machine , with the other charges dropped . It 's more
context 3: many times and she only charges £ 650 plus £ 150

term: K
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: thousand
context 1: max OOP of $ 3 K before this , everything was
context 2: Showed him letter from Dr K after having private consult and
context 3: want to say that Dr K is absolutely brilliant and such

term: Hernia
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: hernia
context 1: , that was a Hiatal Hernia . Could that be the
context 2: R - CPD . Hiatal Hernia is when excessive stomach pressure
context 3: Vertical Gastric Sleeve and Hiatal Hernia Repair . It was the

term: ASAP
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: asap
context 1: , followed with Botox procedure ASAP afterward . I ’m going
context 2: 're looking to this treatment ASAP , I would wait another
context 3: comment and i ’ll answer ASAP .

term: Pepcid
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: pepcid
context 1: you could say a glorified Pepcid , but you must get
context 2: ( at all ) only Pepcid . What have you all
context 3: this ? I have taken Pepcid AC today and the acidity

term: Illinois
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: illinois
context 1: ruined my travel plans to Illinois :(
context 2: Hospital in Downers Grove , Illinois this week . I live
context 3: in August , returned to Illinois in October 2017 ) .

term: existed
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: exist
context 1: I never knew this sub existed until about 5 minutes ago
context 2: I did n’t know we existed ... I ’m thinking about
context 3: Did n’t know this subreddit existed !

term: opinions
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: opinion
context 1: to hear about people 's opinions
context 2: any support / info / opinions on painful burping / inability
context 3: I wanted to get your opinions . I appreciate the feedback

term: occurs
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: occur
context 1: breathe out when the sound occurs . That ’s it !
context 2: venture to guess this only occurs to me a couple times
context 3: remember . It almost always occurs either when I wake up

term: reps
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: rep
context 1: I also did 30 “ reps ” of the same motion
context 2: first . I started doing reps of the shaker exercise ,
context 3: I can not do many reps due to discomfort . Anyone

term: swelling
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: swell
context 1: it ’s all related to swelling and just adjusting to having
context 2: pressure / the feeling of swelling underneath and around my jaw
context 3: to relieve any possibility of swelling and discomfort but nothing seems

term: instructions
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: instruction
context 1: anyone have any more specific instructions on how to get started
context 2: hard I try to follow instructions on how to burp it
context 3: and I ’ll give specific instructions with a video demonstration .

term: commented
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: comment
context 1: gas , many doctors have commented that I am " full
context 2: to be sure those who commented got a reply notification .
context 3: moment . My friends have commented on how much happier and

term: Cheers
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: cheer
context 1: from the botox procedure ? Cheers , David
context 2: 23 / 24 . ​ Cheers
context 3: tips here : [ https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/whrws8/if\_insurance\_wont\_cover\_your\_botox\_procedure/](https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/whrws8/if_insurance_wont_cover_your_botox_procedure/) Cheers , thank you , peace

term: Give
frequency: 59
lemmatized_to: give
context 1: ? Months ? Years ? Give us all hope ! Thanks
context 2: over an over again . Give it a go
context 3: sure : Be sure . Give it a try . It

term: Cricopharyngeus
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: cricopharyngeus
context 1: it , Retrograde - Only Cricopharyngeus Dysfunction ) . I 've
context 2: the Needle was in the Cricopharyngeus muscle , which it was
context 3: stops paralyzing the UES / Cricopharyngeus ?** These trade offs are

term: requested
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: request
context 1: was n't helping so I requested a cough drop which they
context 2: endoscopy ( which my GI requested before I get a referral
context 3: actually was the patient who requested 80 units . I guess

term: peoples
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: people
context 1: would like to hear other peoples experiences doing it at his
context 2: just wanted to get other peoples personal experience on this ?
context 3: ’m curious to see what peoples ’ experiences are with the

term: Hiatal
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: hiatal
context 1: now , that was a Hiatal Hernia . Could that be
context 2: of R - CPD . Hiatal Hernia is when excessive stomach
context 3: a Vertical Gastric Sleeve and Hiatal Hernia Repair . It was

term: Anybody
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: anybody
context 1: Anybody else here genuinely scare themselves
context 2: to lose the ability ? Anybody else who has had acid
context 3: it has long term . Anybody else instinctively breathe from your

term: hated
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: hate
context 1: a compassionless teacher that I hated . I remember that effecting
context 2: antisocial : I feared and hated parties , bars , or
context 3: burper . \- Initially I hated ' tasting ' my burps

term: yrs
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: year
context 1: across this in his 35 yrs so could not consider referring
context 2: Anyone > 65 yrs old get Botox , and
context 3: my entire lifetime ( 29 yrs ) I can only remember

term: surrounding
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: surround
context 1: opening , while using the surrounding muscles to try and recreate
context 2: Botox treatment in Alabama or surrounding states ?
context 3: like the other neck muscles surrounding it . It ’s like

term: chords
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: chord
context 1: a bruise on my vocal chords which explains why I 've
context 2: there ? Impact on vocal chords , etc ? THANK YOU
context 3: of normalcy with my vocal chords again . Since I ’m

term: BOTOX
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: botox
context 1: a man that had the BOTOX injections because of this problem
context 2: O'Dell . **50 UNITS OF BOTOX –** The other reason I
context 3: permanently this time time . BOTOX ROUND 2 ! I 've

term: scares
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: scare
context 1: question : injecting botox kinda scares me , does n't it
context 2: changing . But burping itself scares me , and I know
context 3: with a burp ( which scares me lol ) . I

term: travelling
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: travel
context 1: I ca n't feel it travelling up my esophagus or anything
context 2: due to the fact that travelling back for a quick '
context 3: ? Hard times to be travelling to another country for treatment

term: limited
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: limit
context 1: . I previously was never limited to my diet before but
context 2: and 100 , both with limited results that wear off within
context 3: whole sprite bottle in very limited time . The results are

term: hundreds
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: hundred
context 1: . I have spoken to hundreds of people about this and
context 2: neck area and it happens hundreds of times a day .
context 3: only it did n't cost hundreds of £ not including travel

term: sorted
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: sort
context 1: get this no burp issue sorted in the UK . In
context 2: need the R - CPD sorted asap I ’m almost 100
context 3: including travel to get it sorted . at this point my

term: THAT
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: that
context 1: n’t realize it would be THAT expensive . Like , that
context 2: THIS IS AN EXTREME CONDITION THAT YOU WILL BE MISERABLE WITH
context 3: . THERE ARE A LOT THAT CAN WORK ON YOUR PROBLEM

term: Read
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: read
context 1: rest of my post . Read only if you ’d like
context 2: for about 1.5 years . Read a lot . However ,
context 3: but so worth it . Read my early comments and posts

term: functioning
frequency: 58
lemmatized_to: function
context 1: muscle pressure was normal and functioning correctly during a swallow .
context 2: to see how they were functioning . When the nurse moved
context 3: sphincter is basically the only functioning one . That explains why

term: describes
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: describe
context 1: pretty violently . My fiancé describes it as sounding like I
context 2: is crazy because every symptom describes me ! Emetophobia is the
context 3: problems burping before ) and describes a constant pressure / discomfort

term: referrals
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: referral
context 1: ? I have been pursuing referrals in BC , Canada for
context 2: her to expect others seeking referrals to her clinic . She
context 3: to start getting useless GI referrals .

term: Parkside
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: parkside
context 1: with Ms Lucy Hicklin at Parkside Hospital a few months ago
context 2: the clinic in Chelsea or Parkside hospital . I 'm mainly
context 3: was higher than expected from Parkside which has really put me

term: dropped
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: drop
context 1: , with the other charges dropped . It 's more than
context 2: that my family 's jaws dropped before they broke out into
context 3: the whole date , someone dropped a link to r/noburp .

term: Gastroenterologist
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: gastroenterologist
context 1: PPI use . Now my Gastroenterologist wants me to get off
context 2: find an ENT or a Gastroenterologist that would treat me here
context 3: solved nothing . His local Gastroenterologist Refusing to refer for inability

term: South
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: south
context 1: Saartjie " - I 'm South African , this is basically
context 2: recommendations ?? I am around South Yorkshire for university , but
context 3: work down here in the South East please please send some

term: tilting
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: tilt
context 1: slowly letting gas out by tilting my head back . Eventually
context 2: jk ! It started with tilting my neck forward when I
context 3: microburps out this evening by tilting my head down and to

term: wishes
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: wish
context 1: ! Thank you and best wishes to all those who suffer
context 2: be pushier against her own wishes ? Thanks for your insights
context 3: . I believe my surgeon wishes to try this . Lastly

term: sets
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: set
context 1: still needing extra time between sets in the gym to catch
context 2: 1 ) exercises done and sets / reps dedicated to them
context 3: 5 days ago . 3 sets of 1 minute holds and

term: forces
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: force
context 1: , sorry ) and it forces air forward . Then I
context 2: like this massive belch that forces all air of the evening
context 3: the burping while swallowing water forces it up , which causes

term: pops
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: pop
context 1: . I have little “ pops ” in my throat that
context 2: offered me as many ice pops as I needed ! Even
context 3: just tiny barely audible little pops of air in the back

term: played
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: play
context 1: and unheard of ” and played it for his colleagues who
context 2: relief bringing burps whenever I played basketball . I assumed it
context 3: the other day after I played basketball I started to get

term: evenings
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: evening
context 1: , I do n’t end evenings feeling horrific anymore , and
context 2: still end most of my evenings out with some air vomiting
context 3: late , go outside on evenings , without worry . I

term: lurking
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: lurking
context 1: to post here after long lurking because of a slightly embarrassing
context 2: joined reddit as have been lurking for a while . So
context 3: eating disorder I 've been lurking here for a little while

term: validated
frequency: 57
lemmatized_to: validate
context 1: I would at least feel validated that the procedure did something
context 2: you ! I have felt validated and supported knowing that there
context 3: . I just feel so validated . Here are some thoughts

term: TL;DR
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: tl;dr
context 1: day no matter what . TL;DR my throat does not only
context 2: it ’s second nature . TL;DR I went from struggling to
context 3: ’s I ’d receive . TL;DR I ’ve got the classic

term: Emetophobia
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: emetophobia
context 1: Emetophobia
context 2: every symptom describes me ! Emetophobia is the most interesting .
context 3: ’ve seemed to develop severe Emetophobia , the fear of vomiting

term: Often
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: often
context 1: vomiting from that situation . Often if I was ill or
context 2: will make me gag . Often times if I gag (
context 3: bruise my chest afterwards . Often they make me feel like

term: mentions
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: mention
context 1: site ] ( http://www.pamelamorrisonpt.com/specific-conditions/abdomino-phrenic-dyssynergia/) even mentions that the diaphragm could be
context 2: up of the throat she mentions ( “ like a tennis
context 3: . I ’ve heard possible mentions on here before , but

term: Jack
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: jack
context 1: I am Jack 's inability to burp -
context 2: for a magical fix . Jack
context 3: regrets . No burp . Jack Franks

term: flights
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: flight
context 1: which would get expensive with flights and such and I ’m
context 2: at the moment and the flights to our destination were practically
context 3: * take meclizine for the flights and i also have a

term: strained
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: strain
context 1: It feels like you 've strained your throat from too much
context 2: loudly would be if I strained my neck and chest to
context 3: my neck too fast and strained it or pulled a muscle

term: endoscopies
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: endoscopy
context 1: . I have had two endoscopies and been diagnosed with a
context 2: before going to him ( endoscopies , colonoscopies , barium swallows
context 3: . I have had multiple endoscopies trying to investigate my acid

term: discussing
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: discuss
context 1: looking and saw some people discussing ms Hicklin in London doing
context 2: serious . Today I was discussing the condition with my partner
context 3: , especially when we were discussing the dosage of Botox .

term: fails
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: fail
context 1: exercises , and if that fails give Botox a go (
context 2: their energy and my body fails me , simply because I
context 3: it works but often it fails .

term: bouts
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: bout
context 1: experienced really , really bad bouts of croaking / gurgling and
context 2: Later in life I had bouts of having extremely uncomfortable bubbles
context 3: I have had pretty severe bouts of random stomach pain that

term: TIA
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: tia
context 1: you were charged more ? TIA !
context 2: would so appreciate it . TIA :)
context 3: 'm open to anything . TIA !

term: starving
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: starve
context 1: eat again , I ’m starving . I ’m not writing
context 2: my life on hold with starving myself some days until I
context 3: I will feel my stomach starving but my throat refuses to

term: threads
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: thread
context 1: I did find a few threads on this but answer were
context 2: quite a few of your threads and it seems like many
context 3: 've been questioning in many threads regarding this subject , but

term: WAY
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: way
context 1: , you have had something WAY more uncomfortable in your nostril
context 2: the gas , i ’m WAY less gassy now . I
context 3: im interested in your DEFAULT WAY of breathing ( when sleeping

term: pointed
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: point
context 1: all night , my partner pointed out something to me that
context 2: 'm so glad a friend pointed me towards this subreddit ,
context 3: that ) , but I pointed out that calling a regular

term: nuts
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: nut
context 1: would be — maybe macadamia nuts or peanut butter ? 2
context 2: of pizza , oatmeal with nuts and berries , and risotto
context 3: . They thought I was nuts . Hehe . 💕

term: greater
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: great
context 1: burping fits " . Even greater than yesterday . I ca
context 2: less than ” or “ greater than ” side , please
context 3: frail and therefore are at greater risk of side effects .

term: eg
frequency: 56
lemmatized_to: e.g.
context 1: quantities of fizzy drinks ( eg beer ) but then may
context 2: firm or very dry things eg steak or crusty bread so
context 3: a stop start nature , eg all day tournaments . She

term: knocked
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: knock
context 1: . Was expecting to get knocked back but , although he
context 2: in my arm . I knocked out quick with anesthesia and
context 3: that feel like wind got knocked out ) stomach cramps BUT

term: blowing
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: blow
context 1: helped . I woke up blowing my nose more , and
context 2: am a bit worried about blowing my chances early on during
context 3: exciting to see this subreddit blowing up !!! I just wanted

term: brushing
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: brush
context 1: . I was n't even brushing my tongue . I was
context 2: my tongue . I was brushing the front of my teeth
context 3: mouth a couple times while brushing my teeth , I checked

term: TMI
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: tmi
context 1: be warned this is a TMI but i have to pass
context 2: end ( sorry for the TMI ) . I can sometimes
context 3: is the fact that ( TMI but hey we 're all

term: Feels
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: feel
context 1: end of the night . Feels like progress to me ?
context 2: tightness in my chest ?? Feels like I both ca n’t
context 3: loud and painful hiccups ? Feels like someone has their fist

term: Philadelphia
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: philadelphia
context 1: state , so going to Philadelphia or Chicago was n't an
context 2: to find a doctor in Philadelphia that had done the procedure
context 3: I saw Dr. Spiegel in Philadelphia and I have an appointment

term: Philly
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: philly
context 1: I have an appointment in Philly to meet with an ENT
context 2: I am in the Philly area and went to Dr.
context 3: Surgery today ! ( Philly )

term: diagnosing
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: diagnose
context 1: a gastroenterologist who ended up diagnosing me with IBS , but
context 2: different ENT that has experience diagnosing and treating R - CPD
context 3: - aware since self - diagnosing , and i kind of

term: pillows
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: pillow
context 1: to sleep propped up on pillows or the foam comes up
context 2: tilted my mattress , added pillows , and switched to only
context 3: described the air pockets as pillows that prevent the acid from

term: snacks
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: snack
context 1: . For example : Afternoon snacks any time between 2 pm
context 2: Yesterday I ran out of snacks / food so I ended
context 3: eat all 3 meals and snacks and throughout most of the

term: filling
frequency: 55
lemmatized_to: fill
context 1: high rated ENT doc and filling him / her on the
context 2: arriving at 6:30 , after filling out forms , changing into
context 3: ) , where ( after filling out a couple more forms

term: HUGE
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: huge
context 1: ago , it became a HUGE problem where my throat gurgles
context 2: them biweekly . That was HUGE for me ! They are
context 3: things are a point of HUGE anxiety about the procedure for

term: remains
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: remain
context 1: looks good but the feeling remains . This is also joined
context 2: over the moon . Swallowing remains difficult , but I did
context 3: leveled out . Hopefully it remains and I do n't have

term: puked
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: puke
context 1: puking . I have n't puked since I was 7 ,
context 2: drank a lot and almost puked but just ended up dry
context 3: stop myself , I had puked . I ’m not sure

term: bars
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: bar
context 1: especially during trips to the bars . I realized that what
context 2: the bathroom at parties or bars . IMO the worst part
context 3: of beers and trips to bars in my life . Whenever

term: receiving
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: receive
context 1: later , I 'll be receiving the cricopharyngeal botox injection from
context 2: This is my third time receiving botox . The first time
context 3: my whole life , constantly receiving the “ just burp ”

term: Neck
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: neck
context 1: a tips ( Shaker / Neck Position / Magnesium )
context 2: burp I recommend watching " Neck exercise that cured my inability
context 3: Neck exercises and dietary help

term: General
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: general
context 1: No burper in Japan . General advice on getting help ?
context 2: in Australia ( Emergency / General Practice ) who has had
context 3: doctors because of it . General practitioner , a doctor for

term: pushes
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: push
context 1: belt on , it almost pushes all the air up into
context 2: and blow . That just pushes air down my throat then
context 3: and maybe the remaining gas pushes the acid up - is

term: existing
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: exist
context 1: hysterical . Thank you for existing , and happy new year
context 2: had . Thank you for existing . And thank you for
context 3: to thank you all for existing and being open about this

term: Avoid
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: avoid
context 1: air intake when drinking ? Avoid gum ? Do we know
context 2: on a daily basis . Avoid all carbonated beverages and an
context 3: one near dinner . * Avoid bending over . I dropped

term: touching
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: touch
context 1: mouth with the tongue by touching the top of the month
context 2: of the same motion ( touching my chin to my chest
context 3: feel tenderness and pain when touching the area aswell . I

term: farted
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: fart
context 1: the last time I 've farted ( maybe I do it
context 2: . As a kid I farted a lot and had a
context 3: wood , I have never farted in room with a client

term: Nobody
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: nobody
context 1: do with this problem ! Nobody likes throwing up . That
context 2: with it many times . Nobody I 've seen so far
context 3: just to feel better . Nobody should be shamed for needing

term: numbers
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: number
context 1: there are lots of different numbers so i 'm still not
context 2: we have reached the maximum numbers of signatures before being published
context 3: this space has grown in numbers . This it goes to

term: Stomach
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: stomach
context 1: regretting the fizzy drink . Stomach is really hurting now about
context 2: reduced almost to non-existence . Stomach pain has also been reduced
context 3: appreciated . Food intolerance ? Stomach issue rather than throat issue

term: teaching
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: teaching
context 1: ’m out with friends or teaching or on a date etc.
context 2: noburpers , it ’s like teaching somebody how to breathe .
context 3: one of the things was teaching their tongue to rest at

term: suggesting
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: suggest
context 1: esophageal manometry ? GI doc suggesting it and somewhat dismissing Dr
context 2: has arisen because of doctors suggesting I get tested for Coeliac
context 3: approach . Now she is suggesting that we do it without

term: Villari
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: villari
context 1: WA and found Dr. Craig Villari , an ENT in Bellevue
context 2: the injection done with Dr Villari in the state of Washington
context 3: map . Looking at Dr. Villari in the Seattle area since

term: specializes
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: specialize
context 1: group recommended him , he specializes in Laryngology so he ’s
context 2: can find a doctor that specializes in this in Switzerland as
context 3: of SUNY Upstate , who specializes in voice and swallowing disorders

term: Makes
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: make
context 1: . Especially physical work . Makes my flares last forever too
context 2: and out of control . Makes zoom meetings interesting . I
context 3: almost an air vomit . Makes me feel a bit disappointed

term: ulcers
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: ulcer
context 1: Gastritis and stomach ulcers effecting being treated ?
context 2: - CPD people often get ulcers and gastritis but was n’t
context 3: Last year I had 5 ulcers and severe internal bleeding /

term: dollars
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: dollar
context 1: on 7/20/18 for $ 15 dollars . I have been taking
context 2: of getting together thousands of dollars for this 😭 I would
context 3: It 's also thousands of dollars out of pocket to receive

term: pinned
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: pinn
context 1: used the text from the pinned comic strip as a basis
context 2: .. I have read the pinned post and will do some
context 3: have a lot of hope pinned on this experience changing my

term: traveled
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: travel
context 1: For those that traveled for the botox procedure and
context 2: , some of which had traveled miles including my own kids
context 3: the procedure . If you traveled to have this done ,

term: Feb
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: february
context 1: my first Botox done on Feb 1st , and around the
context 2: in with Lucy Hicklin in Feb ! But it had me
context 3: later , and now in Feb of 2019 , around 2

term: EDS
frequency: 54
lemmatized_to: eds
context 1: that I should look into EDS or hEDS and it ’s
context 2: why i ’m bringing up EDS is because apparently a lot
context 3: i think ) also have EDS along with it and doctors

term: visiting
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: visit
context 1: I got sick both times visiting the schools . I ’m
context 2: lots of places I anticipated visiting in London were closed on
context 3: . Also , I 'm visiting my gastro tomorrow morning .

term: thru
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: through
context 1: try to force it out thru your throat . ( This
context 2: get the bubbles coming up thru their stomach to mouth
context 3: my stomach and travel up thru my throat and then out

term: Medicine
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: medicine
context 1: multiple GI , ENT , Medicine , and Surgical specialists that
context 2: and Penn State College of Medicine . I study eating disorders
context 3: Dr. Karla O'Dell with Keck Medicine have been a godsend .

term: PS
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: ps
context 1: . Wish me luck :) PS : If a doctor asks
context 2: Godspeed , my loves . PS . When I burp after
context 3: ’s becoming debilitating ! * PS im in central Florida ,

term: MY
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: my
context 1: ALWAYS HAD TO EXPLAIN TO MY FRIENDS WHY I FART SO
context 2: 's inability to burp - MY TALE
context 3: LONG AS I STAY ON MY BACK OR RIGHT SIDE .

term: coworkers
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: coworker
context 1: them anymore - though my coworkers at my new job definitely
context 2: day long , thankfully my coworkers are all excited for me
context 3: in front of my new coworkers . Does anyone have any

term: Y
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: y
context 1: 26 Y /O Male , Oxfordshire Like
context 2: ( Roux - en - Y type ) .
context 3: if , but when . Y 'all are wonderful and I

term: impacted
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: impact
context 1: and it has n't really impacted my social life except that
context 2: ) and it has negatively impacted quite a few areas of
context 3: constantly inflated stomach has really impacted my mental health and has

term: prevents
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: prevent
context 1: not being able to burp prevents them from chugging drinks ?
context 2: my body ca n’t do prevents me from doing the one
context 3: It 's actually miserable and prevents me from enjoying food unless

term: gastroenterologists
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: gastroenterolloggs
context 1: to a few doctors and gastroenterologists who have all fobbed me
context 2: burp " is not on gastroenterologists ' radars when people see
context 3: , hard road thru multiple gastroenterologists , functional " medicine "

term: jumping
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: jump
context 1: physical therapy but I think jumping up and down allows the
context 2: HIIT ( a lot of jumping , and burpees and the
context 3: . This seemed to be jumping to conclusions a little bit

term: San
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: san
context 1: know ! I live in San Diego and have flown out
context 2: Kaiser doctor in San Diego
context 3: Mi Jin Yoo ( KP San Leandro , Bay Area )

term: decisions
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: decision
context 1: of my life and the decisions I have made over the
context 2: bad before i make any decisions . please tell me (
context 3: day - to - day decisions are not constrained by when

term: Esophageal
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: esophageal
context 1: gastroenterologist who has done upper Esophageal manometry and showed he did
context 2: I think means the Lower Esophageal Sphincter ( LES ) does
context 3: botox has paralyzed my Upper Esophageal Sphincter ( UES ) ,

term: Washington
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: washington
context 1: Villari in the state of Washington . Was out for about
context 2: who ’ll do botox in Washington ?
context 3: or found a doctor in Washington ( maybe even near Seattle

term: Totally
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: totally
context 1: type of sweet tea . Totally fine if it ’s any
context 2: in my burpderpiness ! ( Totally a technical term , btw
context 3: because I feel great . Totally life - changing . Swallowing

term: Eat
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: eat
context 1: all three printed papers . Eat before your appointment I actually
context 2: intake throughout the day . Eat smart , healthy meals all
context 3: your meal to digest . Eat slowly and deliberately . If

term: al
frequency: 53
lemmatized_to: al.
context 1: Pero me puso muy feliz al enterarme lo del botox .
context 2: mouth . What do you al think ? Does this sound
context 3: https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11474230/pdf/OTO2-8-e70014.pdf](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11474230/pdf/OTO2-8-e70014.pdf) ** 2019 Bastian et al ( retrospective ) ** (

term: EGD
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: egd
context 1: . I ’ve had an EGD in the past and was
context 2: ago and will have an EGD next week . I only
context 3: belch . We did an EGD a few weeks ago to

term: Paul
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: paul
context 1: Please add Minneapolis St Paul Doctor who has done the
context 2: in Richmond Australia with Dr Paul Paddle . Went self funded
context 3: and most excitable day : Paul McCartney was my main reason

term: View
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: view
context 1: help my gurgles ) [ View Poll ] ( https://www.reddit.com/poll/pfq0am)
context 2: [ View Poll ] ( https://www.reddit.com/poll/1348bh7)
context 3: have gotten the procedure [ View Poll ] ( https://www.reddit.com/poll/13599hy)

term: ruining
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: ruin
context 1: This is ruining my life :)
context 2: , and it was practically ruining my life . I would
context 3: into if the condition is ruining your life like it was

term: Internet
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: internet
context 1: it . There was NO Internet to search for a cure
context 2: followed ( found in the Internet ) : " Forcing air
context 3: bloated . Went on another Internet deep dive and found another

term: gargles
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: gargle
context 1: Having to explain the throat gargles on a first date and
context 2: We do n’t get throat gargles but I get very frequent
context 3: air moved up ( the gargles ) to my chest /

term: wonders
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: wonder
context 1: about the procedure and the wonders it did for me and
context 2: yet . I hope someone wonders the same as me .
context 3: amount without pain would do wonders for my recovery , and

term: weaker
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: weak
context 1: now the valve is even weaker apparently , wonder how much
context 2: apparently , wonder how much weaker it 'll become ... so
context 3: trapezoid and neck flexors are weaker . I was curious ,

term: calmed
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: calm
context 1: looking to have my nerves calmed about the procedure so I
context 2: slowly breathe again . I calmed down , and my breath
context 3: 5 times , before I calmed down and was okay in

term: inhaling
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: inhal
context 1: opening up my throat and inhaling air into my stomach .
context 2: to force a burp by inhaling deeply . This never used
context 3: back normal except I was inhaling very deeply . I 'm

term: printed
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: print
context 1: UK ) . I have printed off some information on his
context 2: my appointment with the study printed from Dr. Bastian . He
context 3: of Dr. Bastian 's research printed and stapled by my door

term: popping
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: popping
context 1: trachea . I got a popping sensation as if there 's
context 2: much without tiny air bubbles popping in my throat or microburps
context 3: loud proper belches to a popping sound to just a quiet

term: billed
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: bill
context 1: procedure . Was your insurance billed as an " experimental "
context 2: dumb ) , and they billed the rest to insurance .
context 3: center - everything else was billed to my insurance so I

term: vomits
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: vomit
context 1: it take multiple " air vomits " to get all the
context 2: Advice on turning air vomits into burps ?
context 3: have to hide my air vomits . I still find it

term: modified
frequency: 52
lemmatized_to: modify
context 1: speech pathologist to do a modified barium swallow study to make
context 2: Dr Bastian . During my modified barium swallow they diagnosed me
context 3: you have n’t tried this modified version of the exercises ,

term: OF
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: of
context 1: I CANNOT TAKE ANY MORE OF THIS . Ohhhh my god
context 2: screaming " JUST GET OUT OF MY THROAT PLEASE " and
context 3: GRIMES IS ONE OF US ! NO BURP GETS

term: massaging
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: massage
context 1: about either gaining weight , massaging your throat or just sticking
context 2: hopefully along with some cricoid massaging ( that I hope I
context 3: throat . I also tried massaging my throat on top of

term: Treatment
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: treatment
context 1: Potential Warning About Treatment with Lucy Hicklin for R-
context 2: for over 30 years . Treatment is scheduled for next month
context 3: Botox Treatment in Ontario ?

term: encouraged
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: encourage
context 1: you , as you guys encouraged me not to give up
context 2: Any suggestions or ideas are encouraged and appreciated !!! :)
context 3: , how do I stay encouraged and turn these Microburps into

term: covers
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: cover
context 1: area . My insurance only covers doctors in my state ,
context 2: have Vitality health insurance that covers pre-existing conditions so if anyone
context 3: that further . As IBS covers a huge spectrum of problems

term: attributed
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: attribute
context 1: bloating and flatulence and always attributed it to diet / IBS
context 2: 10 years and I have attributed part of that to the
context 3: these issues and always just attributed to my hiccups . I

term: United
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: unite
context 1: the Botox shot in the United States .
context 2: the New England / Northeastern United States area , it would
context 3: Botox procedure costs with United Healthcare

term: countries
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: country
context 1: desperate . I 'm moving countries in September and I am
context 2: before accepting patients from other countries . HOWEVER . I reached
context 3: Does anyone knows which countries do this procedures with the

term: booking
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: book
context 1: temporarily . I will be booking a consultation with Mr. Karagama
context 2: CPD ? ( I 'm booking an appointment with a specialist
context 3: and my waiting time from booking was just under 3 months

term: Richardson
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: richardson
context 1: my Botox injected by Dr. Richardson . I have had about
context 2: the procedure done by Dr. Richardson ! I welcome any and
context 3: the botox injection from Dr. Richardson at Bastian Voice Institute in

term: offers
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: offer
context 1: almost constantly . But it offers me no actual relief .
context 2: NJ Area . My employer offers a Healthcare concierge service ,
context 3: being able to take up offers to stay at friends houses

term: constipated
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: constipate
context 1: and I also frequently become constipated . I 'll go through
context 2: I go back to being constipated again and the cycle continues
context 3: . i ’m also always constipated and go # 2 very

term: blocking
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: block
context 1: because I can feel phlegm blocking my airway . I have
context 2: upper esophageal sphincter is quickly blocking it , giving me that
context 3: , so what am I blocking it with on the lower

term: validating
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: validating
context 1: just one of the most validating feelings I have ever had
context 2: , it 's been incredibly validating to read that I 'm
context 3: this community has been so validating ! I have a consult

term: instances
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: instance
context 1: and i ’ve had two instances in the past when I
context 2: I can only remember two instances when I burped , once
context 3: , except very rare tiny instances ( like < 2 times

term: ie
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: i.e.
context 1: days away from my period ie in PMS week and my
context 2: 've been air vomiting , ie sticking a finger in the
context 3: see on the subreddit , ie . lowering voice box ,

term: Midwest
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: midwest
context 1: : I went to the Midwest Center for Day Surgery and
context 2: ? Who in the US Midwest does it ?
context 3: AM so I arrived at Midwest Center for Day Surgery at

term: physicians
frequency: 51
lemmatized_to: physician
context 1: I ’ve received from other physicians including my PCP who has
context 2: I 'm glad we have physicians like Dr. Bastian to help
context 3: , I switched primary cases physicians , and it was the

term: Zofran
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: zofran
context 1: Zofran and constipation ?
context 2: Does anyone here take Zofran often and suffer from severe
context 3: 8 weeks , I get Zofran Drips . Almost everyday I

term: NY
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: ny
context 1: doctors in the NJ / NY / PA / CT area
context 2: No - burpers of upstate NY : I am drafting an
context 3: see Dr Mortensen in Albany NY . I am so excited

term: Question
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: question
context 1: Question for any UK based people
context 2: Question for those of you that
context 3: subsequently swallowing more air . Question : if you use the

term: ignored
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: ignore
context 1: to help me . I ignored her , she was with
context 2: all fobbed me off and ignored my concerns . I have
context 3: etc to which I got ignored because they could n't find

term: smoked
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: smoke
context 1: a few beers and we smoked sitting in the sun for
context 2: know if anyone else also smoked cannabis and more so ‘
context 3: . so everytime i ve smoked weed i ve noticed that

term: follows
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: follow
context 1: the chest discomfort that typically follows if I do n't remove
context 2: sounds get worse and nausea follows . When I was sick
context 3: hiccup and then a burp follows . About once a month

term: meetings
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: meeting
context 1: , I 've burped in meetings at work and it shocked
context 2: of control . Makes zoom meetings interesting . I keep my
context 3: . If I ’m in meetings in work or with a

term: exacerbated
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: exacerbate
context 1: that acid reflux can be exacerbated if food is n't moving
context 2: vomiting my issues could be exacerbated . I tried shoving a
context 3: older my symptoms have only exacerbated and more issues have come

term: loved
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: love
context 1: - 10 pm , I loved the music , did n’t
context 2: you liked him ? I loved Dr. Bastian , but driving
context 3: I loved my ENT at Woodland Hills

term: cures
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: cure
context 1: about this community / the cures , my GI symptoms have
context 2: access to any of my cures I 'll be gasping on
context 3: become an expert in quick cures , and I 'm annoyingly

term: suggests
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: suggest
context 1: relax your shoulders like she suggests . ( In general ,
context 2: of dysphagia post procedure and suggests I get gavisvon advanced (
context 3: relation to treatment , he suggests a pill like Gabapetin (

term: matters
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: matter
context 1: and that ’s all that matters to me right now .
context 2: that 's kinda all that matters . She 's dealt with
context 3: ( advair , if it matters ) which I only recently

term: criteria
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: criterion
context 1: criteria for Botox ?
context 2: wondering if there is certain criteria you have to match to
context 3: he said I fit the criteria for the procedure , however

term: Wishing
frequency: 50
lemmatized_to: wish
context 1: to be the norm . Wishing everyone all the best in
context 2: to my old life . Wishing you all the best in
context 3: anyone else get that ? Wishing y’all a happy holidays .

term: Amanda
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: amanda
context 1: cricopharyngeal botox injection from Dr. Amanda Hu at the UBC Hospital
context 2: very close to getting Dr. Amanda Hu to administer the botox
context 3: importantly , I let Dr. Amanda Hu or Pacific Spirit Voice

term: motions
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: motion
context 1: 'm just going through the motions ) I have horrible emetephobia
context 2: imagery here !! Resisting the motions is still a fight !!
context 3: you too can recognise tightening motions and learn to not give

term: brushed
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: brush
context 1: an electric toothbrush . I brushed a bit too far back
context 2: . The next time I brushed my teeth , it happened
context 3: that I will just be brushed off . Any hints on

term: settled
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: settle
context 1: . My trouble with gas settled down as I grew up
context 2: , but now it ’s settled it is sort of a
context 3: Botox symptoms have basically all settled at this point and I

term: lips
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: lip
context 1: lowering the tongue and parting lips . " It was n't
context 2: - I obviously have my lips and nasal passage shut so
context 3: apple as you protrude your lips further out , so as

term: Insurance
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: insurance
context 1: 1250 without any insurance . Insurance does seem to cover most
context 2: function . &#x200B ; ** Insurance Question :** Has anyone with
context 3: the Nurse Line with my Insurance .. they had no idea

term: progressed
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: progress
context 1: as me ; I 've progressed to getting more relieving croaks
context 2: this past year it has progressed quite a bit and i
context 3: some privacy . As I progressed with my movements , vocalizations

term: inserted
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: insert
context 1: each nostril then the tube inserted . It was ok until
context 2: a nasal endoscope or one inserted into the mouth ? If
context 3: a thin needle would be inserted into the neck in -

term: U
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: u
context 1: A big thank you to U / Heidijc for telling me
context 2: immediately ( 2 ) . U should feel a bit of
context 3: I believe I got 30 U injected into my left side

term: names
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: name
context 1: call you a myriad of names and claim you do n't
context 2: ( it goes under branded names in the US I think
context 3: city / province / state names . Going to your general

term: talks
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: talk
context 1: associate with someone who is talks to me like this when
context 2: these are the microburps everyone talks about , but they seem
context 3: the loud gurgles that everyone talks about , I have them

term: performs
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: perform
context 1: Colorado or nearby states that performs the botox treatment ?
context 2: works out of Greenwich and performs the procedure in the same
context 3: a doctor in Australia who performs this ? Otherwise , anyone

term: Despite
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: despite
context 1: n't new for me . Despite my lack of discomfort ,
context 2: terms off receiving treatment ! Despite other posts on here saying
context 3: this all my life . Despite what my therapist says I

term: bothering
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: bother
context 1: said if my reflux keeps bothering me then they ’ll up
context 2: 'm afraid of this sensation bothering me endlessly or getting worse
context 3: and increase in bloating was bothering me . It all started

term: n
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: and
context 1: gurgling / sizzling noises I n the throat . I can
context 2: cookie like 30 minutes ago n been getting nonstop gurgles since
context 3: I du n no about you guys ,

term: pieces
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: piece
context 1: ’ 5 . ⁠‘ Three pieces of duodenal mucosa showing no
context 2: I feel like so many pieces of her puzzle are coming
context 3: it out and put the pieces together ! ) Anx are

term: clinics
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: clinic
context 1: , there are many more clinics that offer treatment now .
context 2: a few private hospitals and clinics do exist ) to reach
context 3: 5 of these doctors / clinics in your area and contact

term: expenses
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: expense
context 1: thousands of dollars in medical expenses because people just do n’t
context 2: Procedure - related expenses ; Will I go broke
context 3: costs for any travel or expenses related to the procedure ,

term: Delsupehe
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: delsupehe
context 1: in Belgium , with Dr Delsupehe on may 13th , under
context 2: CPD procedure with Dr Lieve Delsupehe at the Az Delta clinic
context 3: --- Roeselare : Dr. Lieve Delsupehe - source : u/IndieHacker1989 *

term: groups
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: group
context 1: awareness of the different muscle groups down there , as well
context 2: should be differentiated into 2 groups on here : Noburpers and
context 3: Like are there certain food groups people with r- cpd should

term: Drink
frequency: 49
lemmatized_to: drink
context 1: . 2 . Do n't Drink alcoholic or drink minimal amount
context 2: to ' vomit ' \- Drink or eat foods that are
context 3: head across the street . Drink one . I 'm good

term: products
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: product
context 1: annoying because I love dairy products and sugar , and I
context 2: I gave up all animal products . I also gave up
context 3: eat a lot of dairy products on a day to day

term: trips
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: trip
context 1: times later , especially during trips to the bars . I
context 2: becoming much worse on road trips ? I used get into
context 3: a lot of beers and trips to bars in my life

term: Europe
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: europe
context 1: late 20s and live in Europe . Below is my combination
context 2: Any Doctors from Europe ?
context 3: the Netherlands / elsewhere in Europe ? I 've been unable

term: signed
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: sign
context 1: 2 days ago . I signed in to reddit just to
context 2: a common thing before I signed up for Reddit . I
context 3: , because the person who signed me in forgot to actually

term: Unless
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: unless
context 1: radar . ** Conclusion ** Unless you 're looking to this
context 2: please do n't be . Unless you have known issues with
context 3: out of your stomach . Unless I am nauseas , i

term: Seriously
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: seriously
context 1: inside me all night . Seriously I can not stress enough
context 2: a loan , anything . Seriously it will be the best
context 3: immensely since the procedure . Seriously , LIFE CHANGING . Some

term: smoking
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: smoke
context 1: really hard ( usually after smoking lol ) and occasionally a
context 2: beers but the combination with smoking and not much food and
context 3: do with the act of smoking , causing air to get

term: Chelsea
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: chelsea
context 1: went to the clinic in Chelsea or Parkside hospital . I
context 2: by Lucy Hicklin at the Chelsea Outpatient Centre . After reading
context 3: injection with Ms Hicklin in Chelsea ! I ’m currently 23

term: Blackheath
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: blackheath
context 1: Mr. Karagama at the BMI Blackheath Hospital London . But ,
context 2: Karagama ( especially if at Blackheath ) - how many hours
context 3: my procedure today at BMI Blackheath , hopefully all goes well

term: Regurgitation
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: regurgitation
context 1: than I already do . Regurgitation and actual vomiting as a
context 2: . After 8 weeks Severe Regurgitation is finally beginning to subside
context 3: to other medical problems . Regurgitation is much less now ,

term: memories
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: memory
context 1: back a lot of weird memories :)
context 2: age before we could form memories ) realized that vomiting would
context 3: though I have very few memories of my childhood , I

term: Melbourne
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: melbourne
context 1: there could be Sydney and Melbourne specialists who have had patients
context 2: voice specialists Dr Paddle in Melbourne and Broadbeach in QLD who
context 3: ** Dr Paddle ** in Melbourne Is there anyone else ?

term: Syndrome
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: syndrome
context 1: Botox also have Ehlers Danlos Syndrome ?
context 2: I have hypermobile Ehlers Danlos Syndrome and I 'm scheduled to
context 3: what ’s causing my Roemheld Syndrome ?

term: Sadly
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: sadly
context 1: coming to an end . Sadly , even though I burp
context 2: pressure on the chest . Sadly at that point , I
context 3: was ready to burp . Sadly I had a rough day

term: acting
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: act
context 1: .. nothing .. I tried acting like burping but I do
context 2: , and afterwards we were acting like idiots and I let
context 3: stimulus , calming myself down acting like it 's nothing irregular

term: replies
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: reply
context 1: have been a whopping 565 replies so far and more are
context 2: before previously in answer to replies questions , but think is
context 3: you in advance for your replies !

term: strengthening
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: strengthening
context 1: started doing neck stretching / strengthening exercises following the video here
context 2: methods ( basically the neck strengthening exercises ) as an alternative
context 3: these along with other neck strengthening exercises did help with my

term: theories
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: theory
context 1: not believe that my “ theories ” about not being able
context 2: rcpd . Anyone have any theories about how this would be
context 3: I have a few different theories about how noburping occurs and

term: Ich
frequency: 48
lemmatized_to: ich
context 1: Ich kann nicht rülpsen !
context 2: Guten Tag ! Ich habe vor in naher Zukunft
context 3: MeVoC durchführen zu lassen . Ich habe eine Anfrage auf Kostenübernahme

term: restaurants
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: restaurant
context 1: air out in restrooms at restaurants but there is going to
context 2: ( or car if the restaurants busy ) to ‘ burp
context 3: burps at the table in restaurants ( I ’m working on

term: HAVE
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: bubble throat ? DID I HAVE A BREAKTHROUGH ???? :)
context 2: Botox Canada ( YOU CAN HAVE THIS TOO , CANADIANS )
context 3: more of you ?? YOU HAVE THE FROG NOISES TOO ??

term: Upper
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: upper
context 1: Negative H. Pylori : Negative Upper endoscopy : Found small hiatus
context 2: that I can count . Upper GI , Upper Endoscopy ,
context 3: count . Upper GI , Upper Endoscopy , Barium Enema ,

term: likes
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: like
context 1: " sound that my family likes to tease me for )
context 2: with this problem ! Nobody likes throwing up . That does
context 3: said the only reason Bastian likes to do the injection in

term: meeting
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: meet
context 1: ago I got sick when meeting up with an old friend
context 2: several times after our first meeting . Not sure what everyone
context 3: Hi all ! I m meeting with an ENT specialist here

term: leaves
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: leave
context 1: doctors for this problem which leaves my mouth dry and with
context 2: eating or drinking basically anything leaves me terribly bloated . I
context 3: that has any recommendations or leaves me any of their thoughts

term: exams
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: exam
context 1: constantly struggled through school and exams etc with gurgling and sounds
context 2: constant after the stress of exams is gone I 'll be
context 3: in quiet class rooms and exams when people across the room

term: covering
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: cover
context 1: to the toilets , just covering my mouth like I was
context 2: ! My insurance is not covering the procedure as they deemed
context 3: a growl whilst someone is covering my mouth . It feels

term: finds
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: find
context 1: 's up . If she finds what I 'm telling her
context 2: Let me know if anyone finds success in doing this
context 3: scared of v! Hope science finds a good and efficient treatment

term: Check
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: check
context 1: be true . TLDR ; Check to see if there is
context 2: . 6/30/21 10:15 am : Check - in at Midwest Day
context 3: is getting more attention . Check it out on Apple Podcasts

term: contributes
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: contribute
context 1: main issue . This definitely contributes to building pressure that (
context 2: i have sibo ( which contributes to the gas ) .
context 3: which my inability to burp contributes to massively ! I am

term: TikTok
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: tiktok
context 1: to someone 's gurgles on TikTok , and realized it sounds
context 2: She found some info on TikTok which led me to this
context 3: thanks to you all and TikTok ) yesterday , 11/7 .

term: individuals
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: individual
context 1: is like for normal burping individuals .
context 2: We are looking to recruit individuals with symptoms of RCPD and
context 3: stipend will be provided for individuals enrolled in the study .

term: twisting
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: twist
context 1: . I started experimenting with twisting my head in the first
context 2: number of small burps by twisting and pushing with my stomach
context 3: spontaneous and two achieved by twisting ) but mostly I have

term: raising
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: raise
context 1: the hard part begins . raising the money and getting to
context 2: issue . Maybe even worth raising the troubles you have had
context 3: the better . Maybe worth raising it with Prof Sandhu -

term: wasted
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: waste
context 1: my time that has been wasted through this study , not
context 2: ca n’t afford any more wasted hour in the hospital away
context 3: telling me that I had wasted her time ; the third

term: improves
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: improve
context 1: wait and see if it improves somehow ?
context 2: spine anyways as it * improves digestion *
context 3: update on whether having noburp improves the ability to vent when

term: holidays
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: holiday
context 1: procedure is scheduled around the holidays when many of the people
context 2: get some hope for the holidays ?
context 3: 'm thrilled . With the holidays coming up , I 'm

term: Lin
frequency: 47
lemmatized_to: lin
context 1: done under anesthesia with Dr Lin in Toronto ON ? Idk
context 2: Initial Consult with Dr. Jun Lin in Toronto at St Michael
context 3: my experience with Dr. Jun Lin as I had my first

term: tighter
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: tight
context 1: that made my throat muscles tighter ever since . The funny
context 2: . My throat also felt tighter / better sealed and I
context 3: a little while it becomes tighter and the gurgling seems more

term: Kind
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: kind
context 1: [ rant ] Kind of gross but nobody else
context 2: micro- burps escaping involuntarily . Kind of an awkwardly funny situation
context 3: a 30 minute procedure . Kind of worried I 'll get

term: scared
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: scared
context 1: bad and I was so scared and developed a really bad
context 2: puking . I 'm still scared of puking but to me
context 3: . Tbh , I get scared and uncomfortable when people burp

term: Fortunately
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: fortunately
context 1: it is almost non-stop . Fortunately , they are not loud
context 2: unusually out of breath . Fortunately , I have n't experienced
context 3: a tech - neck . Fortunately [ this article ] (

term: aka
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: a.k.a.
context 1: Botox with local anesthesia ... aka I was awake . This
context 2: that the tv was on aka my dad watching tv so
context 3: with the fear of vomiting aka . emetophobia , which I

term: Full
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: full
context 1: CONTINUATION / EDIT * 1st Full Day After Procedure : I
context 2: CONTINUATION / EDIT * 2nd Full Day After Procedure : I
context 3: CONTINUATION / EDIT * 3rd Full Day After Procedure : I

term: IMO
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: imo
context 1: at parties or bars . IMO the worst part is people
context 2: air vomit " . Tho IMO you guys are underselling it
context 3: procedure was worth paying , IMO . Should I need to

term: Remember
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: remember
context 1: fuzzy as I do nt Remember that well ) I think
context 2: said I was Bulimic . Remember I have NEVER Thrown up
context 3: fear is the same . Remember this pertains to fear only

term: Gastric
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: gastric
context 1: Bariatric surgery , a Vertical Gastric Sleeve and Hiatal Hernia Repair
context 2: Inability to burp after Gastric Bypass Surgery
context 3: 5 years , since having Gastric Bypass Surgery in the U.K

term: gurgled
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: gurgle
context 1: 2 ... I have “ gurgled ” maybe 2 times since
context 2: figured that the reason I gurgled so much was because I
context 3: trying to escape . I gurgled and gurgled . I tried

term: extended
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: extended
context 1: lying on your back for extended periods of time seems to
context 2: I have finally met my extended family . I ’ve met
context 3: hold in place for an extended period of a full minute

term: updating
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: update
context 1: I guess I 'll keep updating my progress so others can
context 2: microburp . So I stopped updating as my burps have completely
context 3: said , I will keep updating maybe every week or so

term: Irvine
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: irvine
context 1: Getting Botox Procedure in Irvine , CA this Wednesday !
context 2: by Dr. Verma at UC Irvine . This will be his
context 3: from Dr. Verma at UC Irvine about a month ago .

term: crippling
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: cripple
context 1: But , having suffered from crippling emetaphobia for most of my
context 2: last 20 + years - crippling abdominal pain , bloating to
context 3: old and suffered with this crippling issue my whole life ,

term: correlated
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: correlate
context 1: ( typically after eating ) correlated with this condition . What
context 2: I think this may be correlated with difficulty burping overall .
context 3: soda , and I always correlated burping with my friends drinking

term: varying
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: vary
context 1: read it seems there are varying degrees of severity of "
context 2: have had stomach issues of varying degrees . Literally hours after
context 3: something is trapped there and varying in pressure . But I

term: Schindler
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: schindler
context 1: a wonderful appointment with Dr. Schindler at OHSU in Portland ,
context 2: barium swallow procedure . Dr. Schindler said he hopes to get
context 3: Dr. Schindler in Portland , OR

term: Additionally
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: additionally
context 1: it ’ll go away . Additionally , I ’ve noticed that
context 2: may play a part ? Additionally , does anyone have sleep
context 3: with a video demonstration . Additionally , I have seen techniques

term: theres
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: there
context 1: ’m actually mind blown that theres now a full on group
context 2: / jawline or whatever , theres lots of conflicting info online
context 3: full burping explosion , because theres a kink in the line

term: rates
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: rate
context 1: that " 80~100 % success rates just do n't happen in
context 2: due to the high success rates , which I had suspected
context 3: were they published the success rates of the second botox shot

term: chewed
frequency: 46
lemmatized_to: chew
context 1: into my cheeks as I chewed a little bit at a
context 2: and when I remembered I chewed as much as possible .
context 3: bites , and very well chewed , for the next couple

term: flexing
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: flex
context 1: to do what feels like flexing the muscles at the bottom
context 2: that burping is not about flexing your throat muscles . It
context 3: Throughout the day I tried flexing several more times and sometimes

term: dreaded
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: dread
context 1: I have not had the dreaded " bubble throat " (
context 2: . I do get the dreaded croaking from time to time
context 3: eating things , or the dreaded slow swallow ( yet )

term: Found
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: find
context 1: : Negative Upper endoscopy : Found small hiatus hernia Awaiting a
context 2: nt burp here ! , Found this sub in askreddit thread
context 3: Found this sub about a year

term: St
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: st
context 1: Please add Minneapolis St Paul Doctor who has done
context 2: Jun Lin in Toronto at St Michael 's Hospital for R-
context 3: ENT ) in Sydney at St Vincents ** Dr Paddle **

term: administered
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: administer
context 1: while the anesthesia was being administered but I could barely tell
context 2: Right after that the anaesthesiologist administered a pain relief drug I
context 3: me to the OR , administered a anti anxiety meds and

term: DM
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: d.m.
context 1: , all help welcome , DM or reply to this .
context 2: helping to fund it . DM me .
context 3: I apologize to those who DM 'd me requesting me to

term: reactions
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: reaction
context 1: never burped . With both reactions , a true solution has
context 2: had a lot of different reactions . I feel like I
context 3: . I always had poor reactions to alcohol ( hiccups ,

term: opted
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: opt
context 1: or for worse , I opted to be the guinea pig
context 2: etc ) . So , opted in for the standard 50
context 3: . I 've so far opted for another round of botox

term: Without
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: without
context 1: on the hook anyway . Without those fees , the full
context 2: Made 12.365 in 26 Days Without Spending a Dime ? 5Zt_L_2yr9B
context 3: voice or trouble breathing ? Without discovering this subreddit , I

term: yawned
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: yawn
context 1: later : Woke up and yawned and let out a surprise
context 2: surprise , mostly when I yawned or had a hiccup .
context 3: worse when i sneezed or yawned . Day 2 : botox

term: R-CPD
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: r-cpd
context 1: R-CPD procedure anxieties
context 2: R-CPD and HG
context 3: R-CPD and pregnancy / morning sickness

term: Exercise
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: exercise
context 1: Mission : Exercise Impossible
context 2: each one . 16 . Exercise has basically become a form
context 3: tried changing my diet . Exercise . Nothing works . So

term: contacting
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: contact
context 1: from Norway and have tried contacting doctors about treatment here ?
context 2: of pocket . I tried contacting them but they were very
context 3: it a few weeks before contacting Dr Karagama to be on

term: re
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: symptoms , even if they re arising from R - CPD
context 2: Questions re post Botox swallowing
context 3: were reignited all due to re or misalignment of because of

term: Im
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: been getting steadily worse . Im 20 , but it 's
context 2: then it levels out . Im way less bloated , though
context 3: decided to put mine . Im 19 and for about 2

term: shorter
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: short
context 1: been experiencing more forceful , shorter gurgles that sound more akin
context 2: time when mine are probably shorter ? I am / should
context 3: but the intervals are getting shorter and shorter ) . The

term: responded
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: respond
context 1: Myotymy Cricopharyngeal " . Premera responded that there was " no
context 2: woozy but coherent . I responded to her questions and I
context 3: the cricopharyngeal muscle . They responded by saying the cricopharyngeal muscle

term: Much
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: much
context 1: Much like many of you ,
context 2: the past 2 weeks . Much Love ❤️
context 3: days after procedure ) ** Much more successful with burping on

term: pictures
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: picture
context 1: , now updated with some pictures as requested by commenters
context 2: would pull up videos and pictures of the Upper Esophageal Sphincters
context 3: myself looking back at those pictures from June . I had

term: Generally
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: generally
context 1: of : - [ ] Generally poor posture in the back
context 2: one of the days . Generally I 've been finding that
context 3: on how to burp . Generally targeted at burping newbies .

term: waves
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: wave
context 1: feeling . It comes in waves , but I am starting
context 2: quite a bit and the waves of the boat definitely did
context 3: start getting this weird aching waves of pain where it feels

term: failing
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: fail
context 1: tummy as a kid , failing to learn to burp ,
context 2: , but then spend hours failing ? Is there still hope
context 3: their lower esophageal sphincter was failing ( mine was like 70

term: numbed
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: numb
context 1: bad ) , but they numbed my nose with some spray
context 2: pretty traumatic . I was numbed up on local anaesthetic and
context 3: at my throat . They numbed my nose and throat with

term: „
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: ''
context 1: way too hard trying to „ push “ out a burp
context 2: . My boyfriend even invented „ fart yoga “ for me
context 3: symptoms I had were : „ gurgles ” , bloating ,

term: named
frequency: 45
lemmatized_to: name
context 1: my stomach as a creature named " Reagi " who resides
context 2: , it was n’t a named condition until after he was
context 3: - CPD ) at UCSF named Dr. Rosen . Fingers crossed

term: recovered
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: recover
context 1: abuse . I 've mentally recovered from those things , but
context 2: about a year ago I recovered from my bulimia that I
context 3: . I would consider myself recovered because I have not choked

term: relaxed
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: relaxed
context 1: ) and an open , relaxed throat ( whispering ) .
context 2: ) . Once you ’ve relaxed your throat , try your
context 3: your best to keep it relaxed the whole time . Keep

term: stomachs
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: stomach
context 1: all the gas in our stomachs into an almighty fart .
context 2: feel like I have two stomachs . I can burp from
context 3: , like gurgles in my stomachs and throat . I thought

term: companies
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: company
context 1: approached this with their insurance companies , given the usual restrictions
context 2: hate the power of insurance companies . Thank you for listening
context 3: insurance ? Most health insurance companies will consider a claim for

term: leaned
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: learn
context 1: York ) . I 've leaned so much here and am
context 2: on the street . I leaned to the side and quickly
context 3: gurgles right as a guy leaned in to kiss me .

term: pockets
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: pocket
context 1: get indigestion and little gas pockets seem to come out of
context 2: gurgles seem to be instant pockets of air escaping as liquid
context 3: bigger than just tiny gas pockets bubbling up . I still

term: Essentially
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: essentially
context 1: https://laryngopedia.com/inability-to-burp/** ** http://www.manchesterentspecialist.co.uk/inability-to-burp-or-belch.html** ** http://entcolumbia.org/health-library/cricopharyngeal-dysfunction** Essentially , you get botox injected
context 2: 100 in the evening . Essentially 300 burps per day until
context 3: of " therapy " . Essentially , you are forcing yourself

term: Firstly
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: firstly
context 1: Firstly , so funny that I
context 2: have questions about swallowing . Firstly how long might it take
context 3: the very few downsides . Firstly ca n't do it with

term: Based
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: base
context 1: more detail next time . Based on my other symptoms and
context 2: someone locally before committing . Based on other people 's post
context 3: air as a burp . Based on some of the manometry

term: intolerances
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: intolerance
context 1: ? I have some food intolerances which probably do n't help
context 2: I have ) , food intolerances and the list continues .
context 3: n’t have any obvious food intolerances , but I just wondered

term: circumstances
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: circumstance
context 1: by users who knew these circumstances of mine that no one
context 2: very rarely and under specific circumstances ?
context 3: and only under extremely specific circumstances . The most recent time

term: sessions
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: session
context 1: of my first big finger sessions , I noticed that I
context 2: this could make my gym sessions so much easier and enjoyable
context 3: done two more very heavy sessions since then . To my

term: ruled
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: rule
context 1: difficulty breathing but everything was ruled out . And I sleep
context 2: to multiple doctors who have ruled out SIBO , colon cancer
context 3: to standing . Doctors have ruled out anything related to blood

term: Micro
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: micro
context 1: but was n’t terrible . Micro burps started on Day 3
context 2: discomfort and throat pressure . Micro burps are not enough to
context 3: here : [ https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/ajniwc/botox\_yesterday/](https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/ajniwc/botox_yesterday/) \- Micro burps are pretty much gone

term: Yale
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: yale
context 1: Dr. Sunil Verma 250 E Yale Loop , STE 200 Irvine
context 2: Lerner , an Otolaryngologist at Yale New Haven Health , performed
context 3: Dr. Michael Lerner ( through Yale at Greenwich Hospital ) is

term: inflated
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: inflate
context 1: put something else down which inflated a balloon in my throat
context 2: comes out , like an inflated balloon trapped in my upper
context 3: and having this seemingly constantly inflated stomach has really impacted my

term: Find
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: find
context 1: the two top drawers . Find your own imagery here !!
context 2: digestive abilities are hindered . Find out where your spine is
context 3: the use of botox . Find their researchgate profiles or medical

term: regrets
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: regret
context 1: was worth it . No regrets . No burp . Jack
context 2: right now — my stomach regrets the sparkling water so bad
context 3: if there is anyone that regrets it and would n’t recommend

term: died
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: die
context 1: house . However , he died unexpectedly last year and the
context 2: , no exaggeration , almost died over it . I ate
context 3: lungs ) . My father died from IPF at only 58

term: lil
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: little
context 1: the time which is a lil triggering but I ’m trying
context 2: panic but I ’m a lil down about it . Hit
context 3: a game when the teeeeeeniest lil burp just slipped out unexpectedly

term: fewer
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: few
context 1: Due to less travel and fewer pre-op requirements Doctor 2 is
context 2: . I am definitely having fewer burps ; I think they
context 3: days post - botox : fewer microburps , but had some

term: Worth
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: worth
context 1: tiring and so far ... Worth it . My biggest issue
context 2: for over a year . Worth a read . https://laryngopedia.com/an-open-letter-to-gastroenterologists-about-r-cpd/
context 3: in the Dallas / Ft Worth area . I had my

term: findings
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: finding
context 1: tho there was n't any findings in my upper esophagus .
context 2: to Dr. Bastians method and findings . Each attempt was shut
context 3: He said based on their findings in relation to treatment ,

term: cancelled
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: cancel
context 1: the cancellation policy , I cancelled my botox appointment . Since
context 2: appointment cancelled
context 3: July appointment with Lucy Hicklin cancelled , just in case anyone

term: hEDS
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: heds
context 1: with me knowing of my hEDS and POTS , this has
context 2: is connective tissue , and hEDS is a connective tissue disorder
context 3: ! I was diagnosed with hEDS this year , and I

term: ‘m
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: come out , but I ‘m just trying not to push
context 2: the belly button . I ‘m guessing it could also be
context 3: relate with this ? I ‘m sorry for not explaining this

term: rules
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: rule
context 1: have to comply with societies rules . You do not fart
context 2: this does n't fit the rules of the sub but just
context 3: live with it and made rules for myself for everyday life

term: wel
frequency: 44
lemmatized_to: well
context 1: Helaas wel ! 😫 ben 6 oktober
context 2: paracetemolletje ? Ik zie je wel als je op sterven ligt
context 3: niet . Ik vind het wel vreemd , want ik heb

term: Weird
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: weird
context 1: Weird barf ? Also ... what
context 2: Weird / random drug that helped
context 3: Weird sound while yawning

term: ending
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: end
context 1: It ’s like a never ending cycle . Any suggestions ?
context 2: a bender that evening , ending with me sitting alone very
context 3: ) with a few gurgles ending in microburps . Playing around

term: Fellow
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: fellow
context 1: Fellow non-burpers !!
context 2: I love you guys . Fellow non-burper 26 years old .
context 3: Hey everyone ! Fellow no burper here . Like

term: chugged
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: chugge
context 1: I woke up , immediately chugged water , and had a
context 2: gurgles too ! Yesterday I chugged way too much soda and
context 3: that felt like I had chugged 10 sparkling waters . When

term: Prilosec
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: prilosec
context 1: very much here . Taking Prilosec and Gavisvon to help with
context 2: ’s Proton Pump Inhibitors ( Prilosec , Omeprazole , etc …
context 3: join in a Lawsuit against Prilosec for bad side effects from

term: reports
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: report
context 1: one . I had some reports due that afternoon and the
context 2: and he reviewed the radiology reports with me . He believed
context 3: almost easy , similar to reports of people who had the

term: Tell
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: tell
context 1: other people who exercise ? Tell me your tips !
context 2: to look into it . Tell them about this thread .
context 3: area and contact them . Tell them : * You are

term: headed
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: head
context 1: fun time ) , then headed out to a party and
context 2: it a sign of being headed in the right direction !
context 3: 4 days later as we headed to the airport when I

term: remaining
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: remain
context 1: fill my cheeks with the remaining lung capacity and then try
context 2: not get absorbed , the remaining gas is mostly oxygen and
context 3: and most important , my remaining symptoms have been almost entirely

term: smells
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: smell
context 1: constantly gassy ( and it smells awful ) and have cramps
context 2: feel like they ’re gas smells worse or more often than
context 3: burp since I think it smells kind of gross , but

term: Whatever
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: whatever
context 1: other than some microburps . Whatever . But I coughed tonight
context 2: pretty gross , too . Whatever — food is food .
context 3: vs. Heart Issues vs . Whatever else it could be .

term: Within
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: within
context 1: burp to my name . Within a few months I became
context 2: repeat the Botox procedure . Within the space of about a
context 3: them out Day 2 * Within minutes of waking , I

term: ONLY
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: only
context 1: . In fact , the ONLY relief I have is a
context 2: get any relief . The ONLY thing that gives me relief
context 3: n’t know .. is the ONLY way out of this the

term: fried
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: fry
context 1: ? I ’ve cut out fried / greasy / fatty food
context 2: . I had loads of fried seafood which is my favorite
context 3: * Grease / oil / fried foods * Soups * Pizza

term: Pre
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: pre
context 1: . So : 1. ( Pre - botox or no -
context 2: Pre -operative lab tests / EKG
context 3: come down the line ! Pre -Procedure - Like everyone has

term: poses
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: pose
context 1: I ’ve tried different yoga poses online and they kind of
context 2: bed all day doing weird poses to let the gas pass
context 3: figured out that various yoga poses can also help in letting

term: stages
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: stage
context 1: I am in the initial stages of having SOME control over
context 2: mostly past the uncontrollable burping stages , so it 's unlikely
context 3: as it ’s in experimental stages ) as for me ,

term: practices
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: practice
context 1: there a schedule of best practices I can refer to ?
context 2: to one of my soccer practices . ( I had been
context 3: Build your network , practices & brand with us .

term: killing
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: kill
context 1: nervous . I ’ve been killing myself googling this disease ,
context 2: because of anxiety is really killing me right now . Every
context 3: chest and throat is absolutely killing me . The air puts

term: reviewed
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: review
context 1: again and this would be reviewed at a consultation in 2
context 2: effects in any peer - reviewed medical journals since it 's
context 3: ask about the claim being reviewed . You will talk to

term: Big
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: big
context 1: out a seltzer . ** Big mistake .** It put me
context 2: same . Day 8 : Big breakthrough ! I am burping
context 3: , my burps start . Big burps , loud burps ,

term: slowed
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: slow
context 1: I 've back tracked or slowed down progress . In fact
context 2: is on Friday . I slowed down for the last like
context 3: weeks but it has definitely slowed down a little now .

term: statistics
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: statistic
context 1: couple years of experience with statistics knowledge lolzzz
context 2: them hard to include in statistics … I often read comments
context 3: family does n’t trust the statistics the doctors gave . The

term: Gastro
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: gastro
context 1: esophagus expanded . Referred to Gastro and barium swallow exam .
context 2: like it ’s closing - Gastro : did n’t say much
context 3: . All these ENTs and Gastro docs that do n’t /

term: bills
frequency: 43
lemmatized_to: bill
context 1: Medical bills are , of course ,
context 2: just ca n’t afford the bills . I ’m on Medicare
context 3: I had already settled the bills prior to op ) then

term: returning
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: return
context 1: issues . My swallowing is returning to normal .
context 2: pre procedure symptoms were mildly returning , most notably the bloat
context 3: a cup of tea , returning to school & sitting in

term: TV
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: tv
context 1: like Barney from the Simpsons TV show , who includes a
context 2: . You must have seen TV commercials from Lawyers to join
context 3: , and has been on TV shows like The Doctors .

term: completed
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: complete
context 1: This Doctor just completed his first botox injection treatment
context 2: a few national parks and completed some very strenuous trails (
context 3: and will hopefully have a completed story for you in the

term: Taking
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: take
context 1: is very much here . Taking Prilosec and Gavisvon to help
context 2: the croak lessened significantly . Taking deep breaths while sitting /
context 3: takes a few hours . Taking a GasX does n’t really

term: Yay
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: yay
context 1: Yay ! A subreddit for me
context 2: ones , inside ones ! Yay ! They ’re mostly uncontrolled
context 3: a couple micro burps . Yay ! I 've been pretty

term: typing
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: type
context 1: literally croaking as I 'm typing this right now !
context 2: feel awful as I ’m typing this ) I probably should
context 3: was n't planning on actually typing up something in here .

term: Manometry
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: manometry
context 1: I am going for a Manometry and Ph study next week
context 2: and the next examinations are Manometry and esophageal ph monitoring .
context 3: is the High Resolution Esophageal Manometry , that has demonstrates **

term: gargling
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: gargle
context 1: there ? Also , trouble gargling ???
context 2: because i actually thought the gargling sounds made by my throat
context 3: throat ) . Still been gargling all day but this evening

term: reduces
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: reduce
context 1: so big that my chest reduces to half the size .
context 2: ( proton pump inhibitor --> reduces stomach acid secretion ) for
context 3: gas or heartburn medication that reduces it ?

term: heading
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: head
context 1: hospital , feeling fine and heading back to London . It
context 2: life . I ’ll be heading to the Parkside clinic in
context 3: night so I ’ll be heading into my finals today not

term: gulps
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: gulp
context 1: to swallow and what large gulps I am taking when swallowing
context 2: very quickly , like multiple gulps within a short amount of
context 3: up after taking multiple large gulps of a drink ( usually

term: assured
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: assure
context 1: assistant again yesterday and she assured me it is temporary ,
context 2: enough , but Dr. O'Dell assured me she is doing this
context 3: gag reflex , but she assured me that the scope would

term: Out
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: out
context 1: Out of frustration for not being
context 2: and it just happened . Out of nowhere , I burped
context 3: body tension and tightness . Out of reflex i ran to

term: tubes
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: tube
context 1: maybe opening up my eustachian tubes somehow ? I was just
context 2: what are called patulous eustachian tubes . This means I sometimes
context 3: issue is that the eustachian tubes are supposed to be closed

term: documented
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: document
context 1: the nearest specialist who is documented to know about RCPD is
context 2: this condition is not well documented so I do n’t have
context 3: - CPD . I had documented a list of symptoms I

term: sources
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: source
context 1: share their experiences or any sources i ’d appreciate it so
context 2: possible : provide them with sources such as the link above
context 3: possible : provide them with sources such as the link above

term: healthier
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: healthy
context 1: ) I had been eating healthier / losing some weight /
context 2: and I had become much healthier compared to 2 years previously
context 3: is I started eating a healthier diet and it ’s worsened

term: contracting
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: contract
context 1: feeling my throat expanding and contracting . I ’m also still
context 2: things if I 'm basically contracting everything but like I said
context 3: that my oesophagus is not contracting at all . And that

term: fasting
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: fast
context 1: and I was worried about fasting for that long . I
context 2: hospital , no prep / fasting needed beforehand . Picked up
context 3: else ? I ’m thinking fasting is my best bet to

term: Berlin
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: berlin
context 1: insurances at the Charité in Berlin . In Hamburg , that
context 2: their experiences in Hamburg or Berlin ? I would be so
context 3: the treatment with botox in Berlin or in Hamburg , but

term: w/
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: with
context 1: in a ton of pain w/ the gas is trapped ..
context 2: Uncomfortable first 5 days w/ slow swallowing during meals .
context 3: I had the injections done w/ Dr. Bastian 4/15 so i

term: grown
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: grow
context 1: also feels like I ’ve grown a double chin and a
context 2: m pretty sure it ’s grown into a phobia now )
context 3: but i think I ’ve grown out of that .

term: Robert
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: robert
context 1: . His name is Dr. Robert Bastian . I showed them
context 2: , like Sunil Verma and Robert Bastian ) after seeing quacks
context 3: n't Forget our savior Dr. Robert Bastian In Chicago In New

term: attempted
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: attempt
context 1: out ? I 've only attempted it bent over so that
context 2: be Acid Reflux . I attempted to refute that because I
context 3: would relieve some pressure I attempted to force one out .

term: improvements
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: improvement
context 1: had a lot of tiny improvements like even tho i was
context 2: were some ** very small improvements ** that made me realize
context 3: hold on to this small improvements ** , and you have

term: wasting
frequency: 42
lemmatized_to: waste
context 1: and i end up just wasting my time
context 2: left and said sorry for wasting his time . i just
context 3: clarity on the process before wasting a ton of time and

term: ALWAYS
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: always
context 1: it out , there 's ALWAYS more phlegm there . Eventually
context 2: WHAT I ALWAYS HAD TO EXPLAIN TO MY
context 3: it 's because there 's ALWAYS GAS INSIDE OF ME ready

term: St.
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: st.
context 1: Nicollet Clinic and Specialty Center St. Louis Park MN 3800 Park
context 2: to James E. Kuderer in St. Louis Park , MN .
context 3: to make a pilgrimage from St. Louis , MO to Chicago

term: Grove
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: grove
context 1: last 48 hours in Downers Grove , IL . So ...
context 2: the train out to Downers Grove the next day , where
context 3: I was already in Downers Grove missing work as it was

term: shaking
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: shake
context 1: ran up my steps , shaking up the contents of my
context 2: streaming , makeup running , shaking so bad . Afterwards I
context 3: - maybe from all the shaking up that happens during running

term: CURE
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: cure
context 1: that I call “ THE CURE ” . Most people on
context 2: never ever vomited from the CURE . I learned it on
context 3: hearing distance , take the CURE and return to eat more

term: broke
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: break
context 1: 's jaws dropped before they broke out into laughter , and
context 2: , i am far too broke for botox , no diet
context 3: but it felt like it broke some kind of barrier and

term: Lastly
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: lastly
context 1: are out of recovery . Lastly , I can then take
context 2: across this sub Reddit . Lastly , I ’ve started getting
context 3: I had any questions . Lastly it was off to the

term: carried
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: carry
context 1: with that , especially when carried out right before the time
context 2: a few years ! It carried on for the next few
context 3: you the doctor , who carried out the injection ? Thank

term: expectations
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: expectation
context 1: to provide people with realistic expectations instead of deifying the surgery
context 2: into this procedure with unrealistic expectations for the after effects Thank
context 3: practicing this technique without any expectations of burping or micro-burping .

term: buying
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: buy
context 1: . I 'm thinking about buying gallons of sodas and consuming
context 2: ? I was thinking of buying a sodastream or maybe just
context 3: , i remember very distinctly buying a can of soda and

term: practitioners
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: practitioner
context 1: to do consults with 2 practitioners ( Dr. Holmes in Raleigh
context 2: after talking to both these practitioners than I felt when reading
context 3: And I have also seen practitioners in alternative medicine : I

term: burns
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: burn
context 1: make myself sick because it burns so much , and it
context 2: around chest level and caused burns as a result . She
context 3: a little thick and slightly burns when it comes up .

term: Hard
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: hard
context 1: Even Sweden or Denmark ? Hard times to be travelling to
context 2: solid and yeah idk . Hard to describe . When I
context 3: more “ robust ” . Hard to describe , but they

term: testing
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: test
context 1: starting . I will be testing myself with carbonated drinks soon
context 2: 's been 4 years of testing and dieting and still NO
context 3: wait until February for additional testing , but it looks like

term: accounts
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: account
context 1: this sub , and various accounts of how to burp ,
context 2: realise there are plenty of accounts and posts on here already
context 3: have read a couple of accounts from people who said it

term: Were
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: up just to burp . Were are problems based off of
context 2: burper of the day . Were you the first ? I
context 3: if treatment was successful ? Were the symptoms any different to

term: OCD
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: ocd
context 1: OCD does n’t want me to
context 2: sorry . I also have OCD so my brain is fixating
context 3: breathing . He also has OCD . ( he burps ,

term: woken
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: wake
context 1: of nights recently I 've woken up with insanely bad stomach
context 2: waking up ? I have woken up a hand full of
context 3: No more gurgles , being woken up by my stomach over

term: Houston
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: houston
context 1: ! Dr. Tritter is in Houston if anyone is in need
context 2: with specialists in / around Houston ? It 's close to
context 3: yesterday from Dr. Tritter in Houston . The procedure was easy

term: praying
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: pray
context 1: . I 'm hoping and praying ( and I 'm not
context 2: much i recommend it ( praying i do n’t have to
context 3: gurgly and bloated , just praying for the ability to muster

term: hernias
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: hernia
context 1: surgery where I had 2 hernias repaired and my muscles sewn
context 2: surgeon who repaired a couple hernias a couple years ago not
context 3: Any links to hiatal hernias ?

term: nearest
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: near
context 1: a rural area where the nearest specialists ( as in ,
context 2: drive away , and the nearest specialist who is documented to
context 3: request ) in Toronto ( nearest place to me ) in

term: deals
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: deal
context 1: na know if anyone else deals with the same . Theres
context 2: to know if anybody else deals with these , or if
context 3: mean it . My boyfriend deals with it very well but

term: Albany
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: albany
context 1: to see Dr Mortensen in Albany NY . I am so
context 2: Allergy ENT doctor in New Albany , IN . I 'm
context 3: had seen the Dr in Albany NY that is mentioned (

term: replied
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: reply
context 1: emailed him and his PA replied saying he will be able
context 2: dysphagia , to which I replied " no , this appointment
context 3: to do and has not replied to me . Does anyone

term: ED
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: ed
context 1: have to take my to ED but I was thinking jeez
context 2: TW : ED I do n’t have an
context 3: I do n’t have an ED but i just ca n’t

term: insides
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: inside
context 1: your chest pressing against your insides . The consultant told me
context 2: I 'm literally straining my insides to get a burp out
context 3: that time . Sometimes the insides would get so enflamed that

term: Montreal
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: montreal
context 1: Montreal R - CPD Adventure
context 2: 2022 . I am from Montreal , Quebec and I wanted
context 3: on this subreddit for a Montreal Doctor who had recently done

term: veggies
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: veggy
context 1: and eat more fruits and veggies . She had so many
context 2: intensity . * Buy canned veggies and blend them up with
context 3: chicken , eggs , raw veggies , fruits , etc .

term: ME
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: i
context 1: YOU , DO NOT DISTURB ME AGAIN . THERE ARE A
context 2: hate vomiting . PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE ANYTHING ANY ADVICE HELP
context 3: PLEASE ANYTHING ANY ADVICE HELP ME HELP ME HELP ME

term: French
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: french
context 1: PS2 : if you are French , do n't hesitate to
context 2: message to discuss this in French and see what we can
context 3: Hi , I am French , I am happy to

term: Spain
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: spain
context 1: on the Noburp subreddit * Spain --- Granada : Dr. Javier
context 2: on the Noburp subreddit * Spain --- Granada : Dr. Javier
context 3: Spain

term: congrats
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: congrat
context 1: you can do that , congrats , you 're on the
context 2: . Thanks for explaining and congrats on the burps 😀
context 3: congrats that ’s dope !!! just

term: Jeg
frequency: 41
lemmatized_to: jeg
context 1: Hej alle ! Jeg er en 26 årig gut
context 2: er jo helt rått ! Jeg tok akkurat kontakt for å
context 3: Jeg sendte epost til den eneste

term: ANY
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: any
context 1: shit cause I CANNOT TAKE ANY MORE OF THIS . Ohhhh
context 2: PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE ANYTHING ANY ADVICE HELP ME HELP ME
context 3: , I have not had ANY bloating pain or gas and

term: Holy
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: holy
context 1: and can I just say Holy Shit , I have finally
context 2: Holy shit am I glad I
context 3: Holy moley , I thought I

term: ingredients
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: ingredient
context 1: take my word for the ingredients ... but yea I think
context 2: have stocked up on smoothie ingredients and protein shakes , but
context 3: inflammation caused by eating such ingredients makes burping difficult ? Second

term: Regardless
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: regardless
context 1: feels sort of useless . Regardless , the times that it
context 2: and experience with acupuncture . Regardless , I am clearly going
context 3: lots of little ones . Regardless , ever day is getting

term: Thought
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: think
context 1: ( vomit - burp ) Thought this was an interesting story
context 2: Hi friends ! Thought I ’d share my 4th
context 3: have R - CPD ! Thought they way they approached the

term: capsules
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: capsule
context 1: what tablets / chews / capsules do you use ?
context 2: of tablet / chews / capsules from an average chemist that
context 3: such as pepper mint oil capsules ( there are probably many

term: abt
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: about
context 1: ’ll go more into detail abt the weekend . Friday had
context 2: I had some anxious thoughts abt goi to school so far
context 3: often read on the sub abt people that are so happy

term: slightest
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: slight
context 1: motility that paralyzes at the slightest problem ( bloating , surgery
context 2: bother me ) , the slightest bad small or even the
context 3: bad small or even the slightest anxiety . Has anyone else

term: Street
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: street
context 1: scene in Wolf of Wall Street , but they 've been
context 2: been treated in Great Ormond Street Hospital for inability to burp
context 3: Midtown Campus ** 550 Peachtree Street Northeast , Medical Office Tower

term: systems
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: system
context 1: been blessed with the digestive systems of thoroughbreds and so left
context 2: dark room until my digestive systems decides to stop trying to
context 3: RCPD ? I think the systems match up well .

term: Up
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: up
context 1: I had ages ago !!!! Up until 6 months ago I
context 2: - on no burper . Up until about 2 years ago
context 3: what nausea feels like . Up until finding out that I

term: Utah
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: utah
context 1: hope . I live in Utah , and I wanted to
context 2: Life Changing appointment with Utah Doctor
context 3: work at the University of Utah Hospital and Primary Children 's

term: answering
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: answer
context 1: Thank you in advance for answering my questions . I know
context 2: is a video of him answering questions about Acid Reflux and
context 3: and tricks , other than answering the poll , would be

term: sphincters
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: sphincter
context 1: which might be connected to sphincters ' activation and such .
context 2: apparently can affect your esophageal sphincters ( why pregnant women often
context 3: doctor said one of my sphincters was messed up but would

term: records
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: record
context 1: is to check the Canada records and I ’m in the
context 2: time to get the medical records to do the pre determination
context 3: I saw it in my records from months ago … I

term: FYI
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: fyi
context 1: know what to do . FYI , I stopped burping about
context 2: to prevent the gurgle ? FYI I use cheap steak knives
context 3: sounds so ... unique . FYI : THIS is connected to

term: regurgitated
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: regurgitate
context 1: I imagine to be some regurgitated food mixed with stomach acid
context 2: session 2 ) I have regurgitated a tiny amount of food
context 3: I have n’t choked or regurgitated anything . Day 3 -

term: USD
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: usd
context 1: It cost me $ 304.00 USD . Day 1 : the
context 2: I 'm wondering if its USD or indigestion and if botox
context 3: for me , especially in USD , so it would be

term: Initially
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: initially
context 1: evolved during my journey . Initially it was difficult to burp
context 2: and treated with botox . Initially I was really hoping to
context 3: learnt for sure . * Initially I was getting a lot

term: begun
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: begin
context 1: post botox and it has begun . Yesterday was fine ,
context 2: doing that , I 've begun having little tiny " mini
context 3: off , I had recently begun having problems with acid reflux

term: KTC
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: ktc
context 1: burp … BUT !!!! “ KTC ” as I ’m going
context 2: 3/3 ) So … “ KTC ” stands for “ Kiss
context 3: to consistent 30 second “ KTC ” holds , working up

term: plays
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: play
context 1: anxiety played , and still plays , a huge part .
context 2: Do you notice that weight plays a role in this condition
context 3: area , so maybe that plays a role . Anyways ,

term: illnesses
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: illness
context 1: of insurers do n’t cover illnesses that started before you take
context 2: I ’ve had 2 vommy illnesses since then , and both
context 3: . ( I have other illnesses and it ’s not safe

term: Interestingly
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: interestingly
context 1: August 4th ( 8/4 ) Interestingly enough , an actual (
context 2: it seems to ) . Interestingly enough , one of the
context 3: 'm not burping yet . Interestingly I 'm also not gurgling

term: n‘t
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: not
context 1: I ca n‘t believe it ’s my turn
context 2: detail , my english is n‘t really good .
context 3: I do if I do n‘t burp in the next weeks

term: consulting
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: consult
context 1: to square one . After consulting with multiple burp experts (
context 2: him what is your hourly consulting rate ? I will pay
context 3: so bad that I started consulting Dr. Google HARD . That

term: onions
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: onion
context 1: Certain types of food ( onions , spicy food , soup
context 2: fatty foods , cabbage , onions etc ) , i get
context 3: now eat raw vegetables but onions still give me terrible gas

term: Congratulations
frequency: 40
lemmatized_to: congratulation
context 1: Congratulations ! Do a search ….
context 2: Congratulations !!! I remember what a
context 3: while because of it . Congratulations ! Hope it works for

term: reassured
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: reassure
context 1: trouble swallowing but have been reassured that it will get better
context 2: everything else , and was reassured that all is normal .
context 3: etc . His answers always reassured me that it wo n't

term: bottles
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: bottle
context 1: use the Neil Med SinuRinse bottles ) and Mucinex for a
context 2: without having to down huge bottles of coke or stick a
context 3: weeks . I purchased large bottles of soda water and made

term: stood
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: stand
context 1: did notice that when I stood or sat up perfectly straight
context 2: gon na puke so I stood over the bathroom sink and
context 3: were temporarily relieved when I stood up , and they were

term: messing
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: mess
context 1: the easy ones out without messing with my neck . I
context 2: waste a lot of time messing with it .
context 3: a club soda and was messing around with those muscles to

term: quieter
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: quiet
context 1: I ’ve tried to be quieter but it ’s not possible
context 2: to help the gurgles be quieter or less noticeable ? i
context 3: way to force air out quieter

term: OTC
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: otc
context 1: n’t experienced any relief from OTC stuff like Gas - X
context 2: you take any supplements or OTC medications to help ?
context 3: OTC Medication That Helps ?

term: recorded
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: record
context 1: ? Not sure why they recorded that but think it ’s
context 2: can help me . I recorded a video so you can
context 3: gurgles during it that were recorded . The nurse who did

term: girls
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: girl
context 1: in the bathroom during a girls night out ( or in
context 2: - and I survived a girls weekend full of nooners (
context 3: about a sleepover where the girls all drank sprite and had

term: eats
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: eat
context 1: 'm an active guy who eats very healthy , but I
context 2: needs to watch what he eats and stick to blander foods
context 3: pretty normal occurrence when anyone eats spicy food ? Has anyone

term: Its
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: its
context 1: as I can remember . Its prevented me from drinking anything
context 2: daily burp count 1 . Its definitely more difficult to swallow
context 3: pressure in my chest . Its the worst when you do

term: escapes
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: escape
context 1: like drug ( the name escapes me at present ) to
context 2: stomach ( the exact term escapes me ) from closing properly
context 3: build up but it never escapes and just goes back down

term: sprayed
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: spray
context 1: I had a local anesthetic sprayed in each nostril then the
context 2: to go up and she sprayed a mint smelling blast up
context 3: ease . My nostril was sprayed with afrin and then with

term: gasping
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: gasp
context 1: forgotten face mask I was gasping so I 'm not sure
context 2: I ’ve found for the gasping , collapsing , pain that
context 3: tar and I 'm almost gasping for breath . Anyone else

term: providing
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: provide
context 1: for reading this and for providing advice ! I ’m so
context 2: thank you very much for providing a place where we can
context 3: was the most helpful in providing me information on the process

term: IN
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: in
context 1: fix . THIS IS FREE IN OUR COUNTRY , SO PLEASE
context 2: just a big worrier JUST IN CASE
context 3: ARE NATURALLY GOING TO BE IN THEIR MOST RELAXED STATE POSSIBLE

term: offering
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: offer
context 1: to me like this when offering to do someone nice .
context 2: Hu in Vancouver is still offering the procedure . I myself
context 3: about it occasionally , sometimes offering it as a strange curiosity

term: rooms
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: room
context 1: stomach . Please call our rooms on 07 3831 2222 if
context 2: anxiety sitting in quiet class rooms and exams when people across
context 3: skipping classes or getting special rooms for exams and I kept

term: Coke
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: coke
context 1: One sip of Pepsi or Coke and I seriously ca n't
context 2: had a can of Diet Coke and I was in awe
context 3: , and sometimes Rum & Coke . Those I can make

term: Doing
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: more gas to escape . Doing this , I was able
context 2: quite useful : 1 . Doing shaker exercises ( i just
context 3: of the windpipe ) . Doing so stimulates at the same

term: Cricopharyngeal
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: cricopharyngeal
context 1: Injection into Cricopharyngeal Muscle by Mr Karagama
context 2: Muscle Surgery , Description Myotymy Cricopharyngeal " . Premera responded that
context 3: this condition is called Retrograde Cricopharyngeal Dysfunction ( R - CPD

term: differences
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: difference
context 1: i noticed a lot of differences . What should i do
context 2: procedure , I see some differences . He said he will
context 3: but have n't noticed any differences . Could be placebo but

term: Dec
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: december
context 1: before I turn 26 on Dec and have my own health
context 2: 15th . First dose in Dec 2022 did n't work .
context 3: had my first botox injection Dec 2022 and so have n't

term: Blue
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: blue
context 1: really good coverage - Premera Blue Cross PPO . They also
context 2: O'Dell and outcome of Premera Blue Cross insurance struggles
context 3: pay . Then my Premera Blue Cross insurance denied coverage for

term: North
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: north
context 1: I 'm 24 M in North England wondering if this is
context 2: Jersey | New Mexico | North Dakota | Rhode Island |
context 3: years . I ’m in North Texas , I ’ve been

term: noting
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: note
context 1: two , I remember consciously noting that I was burping so
context 2: instalments . It 's worth noting that Dr Karagama 's secretary
context 3: your location ) **** , noting you have an interest in

term: limits
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: limit
context 1: way , which in turn limits gurgling and reflux and may
context 2: whatever . What kind of limits do you set for food
context 3: daily routine of pushing my limits . I bought a bunch

term: sees
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: see
context 1: Hopefully anyone else in Ohio sees this and is able to
context 2: the doctor mentions how he sees no reason why the shaker
context 3: my concerns seriously because she sees people with the same issues

term: drowning
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: drown
context 1: up feeling like I was drowning in air for a couple
context 2: almost feels like I am drowning because of how much liquid
context 3: to feel like I was drowning because there 's always saliva

term: Man
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: man
context 1: most confident voice , " Man , my upper esophageal sphincter
context 2: my first half distance Iron Man triathlon ( Westfriesland 70.3 )
context 3: 27 - Year - Old Man Burps for the First Time

term: Novakovic
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: novakovic
context 1: 4 days ago with Dr Novakovic in Sydney . It was
context 2: moment and was given Dr Novakovic ’s name . I emailed
context 3: before ? Anyone seen Dr Novakovic ?? Thanks !!

term: apples
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: apple
context 1: . I 've realized that apples make it worse , so
context 2: , I could 'nt eat apples and carbonated drinks or beer
context 3: I had a craving for apples and bought a large bag

term: straining
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: straining
context 1: It improved ( no more straining at ~ ~ stool~ ~
context 2: and require a lot of straining whereas day 1 and 2
context 3: years I was sweating and straining and dry heaving for barely

term: Young
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: young
context 1: His name is Dr. Jonathan Young and I was finally able
context 2: Today 's appointment with Dr. Young went great ! Although I
context 3: booked a consultation with Dr. Young at the ENT group .

term: Imagine
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: imagine
context 1: WANTED to throw up . Imagine that ! My emetophobic ass
context 2: Imagine a gurgler / croaker meetup
context 3: ) into your stomach . Imagine squeezing tooth paste out of

term: responding
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: respond
context 1: the way my body is responding to the Botox so far
context 2: it 's culminated in me responding with this on a post
context 3: when I noticed my throat responding to my usual throat gurgles

term: Prior
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: prior
context 1: the moment phone call . Prior to this I always said
context 2: my inability to vomit . Prior to knowing about R -
context 3: on this subreddit do . Prior to realizing the potential significance

term: fucked
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: fuck
context 1: a new drink and get fucked up and head to town
context 2: to pop open like a fucked up bottle rocket , but
context 3: create some sort of perfectly fucked up throat magic that resulted

term: guaranteed
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: guarantee
context 1: manner . It s not guaranteed but it helps sometimes ,
context 2: ? ) , which is guaranteed to happen after every meal
context 3: a successful outcome was not guaranteed . The two things that

term: Nope
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: nope
context 1: be a hiatal hernia ? Nope . I had a barium
context 2: way to being normal . Nope . I got pepsid for
context 3: internal swelling still healing . Nope . I 've been taking

term: o
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: o
context 1: am a 30 y / o male . I have never
context 2: drink electrolyte water ( 32 o z + !! ) right
context 3: am a 21 y / o male , 6’ tall and

term: processed
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: process
context 1: , whole foods and avoiding processed / fatty foods . But
context 2: n’t drink soda or much processed food . I ’m generally
context 3: , spicy foods , or processed foods . I used to

term: hoops
frequency: 39
lemmatized_to: hoop
context 1: necessary to go through the hoops of consulting your gp and
context 2: and then jumping through the hoops of all the other options
context 3: jump through about a million hoops and wait ages WPA still

term: La
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: la
context 1: coke , and just drink La Croix now . Since this
context 2: Costco and stocking up on La Croix but curious to know
context 3: I just drank a La Croix and I got super

term: delayed
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: delay
context 1: that our plane was super delayed getting back to NYC ,
context 2: When did your delayed swallow resolve ?
context 3: I ’m hoping for a delayed miracle . Fingers crossed .

term: Lately
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: lately
context 1: not good for me . Lately , when I eat and
context 2: that was a plus . Lately I have been trying to
context 3: , and school work . Lately the gurgles I get seem

term: drops
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: drop
context 1: there . Just a few drops a few times , the
context 2: Nothing some ibuprofen , cough drops and popsicle does n't help
context 3: they sell in the cough drops section of the pharmacy or

term: granted
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: grant
context 1: Sinus infection granted ( cursed ? ) me
context 2: had appointments in August , granted I should 've expected this
context 3: function that most take for granted . i 'm tired of

term: Stay
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: stay
context 1: posted on my progress . Stay Strong !
context 2: incredible but miserable journey . Stay strong no burpees . 💪
context 3: day for 6 months . Stay strong - you can get

term: b
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: benefit
context 1: folks out there , and b ) I think some of
context 2: of a ) migraines and b ) some kind of beer
context 3: able to sing normally and b ) exercise properly ? I

term: Later
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: late
context 1: to do it silently . Later in the day I tried
context 2: shot after a struggle . Later that evening i felt so
context 3: were n’t already there . Later on after sleeping a bit

term: prevented
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: prevent
context 1: I can remember . Its prevented me from drinking anything carbonated
context 2: sort of physical restriction that prevented contents from coming up .
context 3: and suddenly my esophagus was prevented from burping . Anyone else

term: guts
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: gut
context 1: to dry - heave my guts out just to feel some
context 2: that was trapped in my guts behind the poop flows down
context 3: But unless you have the guts to gag it out ,

term: EVERY
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: every
context 1: making " The Croak " EVERY BREATH I TOOK ! It
context 2: :** * DO SHAKER EXERCISES EVERY ! DAY ! They are
context 3: try to train your brain EVERY DAY . But most important

term: travelled
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: travel
context 1: of the procedure . I travelled from London to Manchester towards
context 2: with Dr. Karagama . I travelled a couple of hours on
context 3: booked a train ticket and travelled down alone , word of

term: AXA
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: axa
context 1: company . I 'm with AXA and they were very helpful
context 2: ? I have insurance with AXA and have n’t explored it
context 3: 14th Jan ( funded by AXA PPP ) . I would

term: Such
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: such
context 1: Hi all ! Such a relief to find this
context 2: of something I like . Such a dumb mistake and I
context 3: Such as diarrhea , excessive gas

term: fries
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: fry
context 1: a veggie burger , some fries , and a Shillings hard
context 2: back hot dogs , crab fries and nachos as they slurp
context 3: I 'm choking on frozen fries ..

term: waters
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: water
context 1: I had chugged 10 sparkling waters . When I found this
context 2: salvia like constantly my mouth waters . Anyone else suffer like
context 3: that I was buying sparkling waters to try and continue the

term: Aside
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: aside
context 1: Aside from the obvious carbonated ones
context 2: awesome the next day . Aside from the good sleep ,
context 3: does n't help ? " Aside from feeling I have a

term: inches
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: inch
context 1: time is 24 - 26 inches around . He complains of
context 2: “ blocked ” a few inches below my adam ’s apple
context 3: air get blocked a few inches below where the cricopharyngeal muscle

term: resting
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: rest
context 1: bloating ! ) I find resting the tip of my tongue
context 2: I never realized my tongue resting on the bottom of my
context 3: from the hospital and am resting at the moment , I

term: tied
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: tie
context 1: ? Second question , possibly tied to the first - sometimes
context 2: bonus I suspect may be tied to it as well -
context 3: vomiting air -- are all tied together . Just now after

term: Bonjour
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: bonjour
context 1: Bonjour à tous , J'ai eu
context 2: Bonjour à tous , je suis
context 3: Bonjour , Me voici à mon

term: Nice
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: nice
context 1: and I missed it . Nice diagram at the end .
context 2: twice in adult life . Nice to see people turn up
context 3: Bastian 's office today . Nice receptionist had me fill out

term: deciding
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: decide
context 1: no burpers , I 'm deciding whether I want to pursue
context 2: . CCGs are responsible for deciding what services to provide in
context 3: long do u wait until deciding that the procedure did nt

term: FOR
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: for
context 1: 3 weeks it ALSO WORKED FOR HER . It ’s also
context 2: . Also , I BURPED FOR REAL and it felt so
context 3: THOUSANDS OF MEMBERS ARE LOOKING FOR CASUAL SEX IN YOUR NEIGHBOURHOOD

term: Yoo
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: yoo
context 1: appt with Dr Mi Jin Yoo ( KP San Leandro ,
context 2: Had video appointment with Dr. Yoo initially since I did n't
context 3: Procedure Monday 8/14 With Dr. Yoo - Last Thing To Be

term: Call
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: call
context 1: your insurer will cover : Call your member service number and
context 2: Be proactive about it . Call the insurance company and ask
context 3: Call to all no burp students

term: locations
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: location
context 1: If possible are there locations that can do the botox
context 2: Does anyone know of any locations in the Southern Indiana or
context 3: units total into 3 different locations of the muscle , so

term: lists
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: list
context 1: sharing ? The Wiki post lists Dr. Michael King in Colorado
context 2: office and brought a whole lists of tests I ’ve had
context 3: that 's very transparent and lists all the fees . The

term: games
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: game
context 1: an easy pass for drinking games so that ’s nice .
context 2: with their friends when playing games that involve drinking beer ?
context 3: drunk when playing beer drinking games .

term: Pain
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: pain
context 1: for hours on end . Pain in throat from what seems
context 2: post OP : Uncomfortable . Pain is completely gone , but
context 3: Pain in between shoulder blades

term: CPAP
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: cpap
context 1: or the use of a CPAP , I think it 's
context 2: year ( a kind of CPAP machine ) and the high
context 3: ago and have been on CPAP until just recently ( details

term: postings
frequency: 38
lemmatized_to: posting
context 1: her - self from Internet postings of other sufferers who had
context 2: or her- self from Internet postings of other sufferers who had
context 3: herself > > from Internet postings of other sufferers who had

term: Made
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: make
context 1: Made a little self portrait today
context 2: stop crying all day . Made me feel better about literally
context 3: How I Made 12.365 in 26 Days Without

term: pre-existing
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: pre-exist
context 1: given the usual restrictions on pre-existing conditions not being covered ?
context 2: Vitality health insurance that covers pre-existing conditions so if anyone can
context 3: but it excludes cover for pre-existing conditions . Has anyone figured

term: tonsils
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: tonsil
context 1: was 18 I had my tonsils removed and now I can
context 2: problems , I had my tonsils and adenoids removed and grommets
context 3: after . I have large tonsils and I ’m worried about

term: WHAT
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: what
context 1: WHAT I ALWAYS HAD TO EXPLAIN
context 2: me to counciling ?! LIKE WHAT but everything ca n't be
context 3: croaking anymore * . Like WHAT ! I do n't know

term: choices
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: choice
context 1: so I have more fashion choices - the whole legging and
context 2: lot more spontaneous in my choices . I no longer have
context 3: might affect eating and food choices . However , if you

term: T
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: t
context 1: used to call me the T - Rex because of my
context 2: relief but I also could T stop them it 's almost
context 3: all the symptoms to a T without the discomfort ( I

term: enjoyed
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: enjoy
context 1: simple process and I quite enjoyed the strawberry chalk shake and
context 2: at the moment . I enjoyed the rest of the concert
context 3: I even went out and enjoyed some dancing and booze ,

term: studying
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: study
context 1: am a kinesiology student , studying physical therapy . I am
context 2: in my life and after studying R - CPD for a
context 3: even after my Doctor acknowledged studying under Dr. Bastian . After

term: panicking
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: panic
context 1: MY THROAT PLEASE " and panicking and crying because nothing will
context 2: absolute reason . I started panicking , dropped everything , and
context 3: have emetophobia too so was panicking that this discomfort would make

term: looser
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: loser
context 1: to having that muscle be looser than I ’m used to
context 2: , maybe they are slightly looser but they are still not
context 3: getting a bit louder and looser feeling so far . My

term: troubles
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: trouble
context 1: totally separate from my tummy troubles but now ( thanks to
context 2: a lot of my tummy troubles . Before Botox I had
context 3: Maybe even worth raising the troubles you have had …? The

term: ive
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: little luck with the ENTs ive seen down here . If
context 2: even remember the last time ive thrown up and i never
context 3: no means a professional but ive looked into this and it

term: Normally
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: normally
context 1: weak excuses for one . Normally I get this low sounding
context 2: get the air out . Normally , I burp 5 times
context 3: a year or two . Normally I go clear liquid for

term: Btw
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: btw
context 1: other ’s faces lol . Btw I still do n’t have
context 2: is it just me . Btw I noticed that I tasted
context 3: and they really helped . Btw I ’m a 28 year

term: Occasionally
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: occasionally
context 1: the ability to burp . Occasionally after a big meal ,
context 2: almost 25 years now . Occasionally I would just let out
context 3: Occasionally ( once or twice a

term: Sweden
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: sweden
context 1: about treatment here ? Even Sweden or Denmark ? Hard times
context 2: botox treatment in Finland or Sweden ?
context 3: Clinics in Sweden or Scandinavia ?

term: backed
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: back
context 1: was because I was getting backed up . But now I
context 2: the lower esophageal sphincter is backed up by a bunch of
context 3: one and that it is backed up from COVID . He

term: Guys
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: guy
context 1: Guys I ’m literally so happy
context 2: Hey Guys ! It 's great to
context 3: Guys I am going into military

term: weakened
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: weaken
context 1: to normal and my diagnosed weakened LES and esophogitis solves itself
context 2: . Worried Botox has already weakened hence less burps and improved
context 3: an ulcer and the ulcer weakened the stomach lining . My

term: reaches
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: reach
context 1: my PET . Hopefully this reaches someone with PET and RCPD
context 2: a ton and then it reaches the point where you body
context 3: out . when the gas reaches the middle of my chest

term: hr
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: hour
context 1: he ’s within a 5 hr drive of me . When
context 2: for 30 mins - 1 hr after to allow it to
context 3: bed , and sucralfate 1 hr before each meal ( although

term: Quick
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: quick
context 1: Quick questions for those who have
context 2: Quick colonoscopy prep question
context 3: not dibiliating for me . Quick poll about mouth breathing

term: begins
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: begin
context 1: . now the hard part begins . raising the money and
context 2: at all . He immediately begins with the whole IBS /
context 3: big meal and the cycle begins again . \- I get

term: wheeled
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: wheel
context 1: of the movement and being wheeled back into the room and
context 2: sips of water then was wheeled back to my room .
context 3: min . I was then wheeled into recovery where I was

term: exhausted
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: exhausted
context 1: many of us are so exhausted living with this that we
context 2: . I 'm just constantly exhausted , and I do n't
context 3: : REALLY tough 😩 honestly exhausted . A lot more release

term: replying
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: reply
context 1: a long time , occasionally replying . I figured it was
context 2: at it . Thanks for replying !
context 3: Thanks so much for replying ! That was really clear

term: REAL
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: real
context 1: Also , I BURPED FOR REAL and it felt so good
context 2: pilaris I have been having REAL / significant burps that have
context 3: pregnancy it has become a REAL problem . It ’s even

term: fixes
frequency: 37
lemmatized_to: fix
context 1: my best friend . Water fixes everything . Definitely having some
context 2: right now . Water still fixes everything . Tonight was the
context 3: Quick fixes whilst drinking ?

term: Help
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: help
context 1: Help !
context 2: Help ! Discussing symptoms with someone
context 3: knows about burp problems . Help !!

term: healing
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: heal
context 1: but my body is still healing . And more gas means
context 2: GERD under control and prioritize healing my esophagus . Dr. Massey
context 3: on how my esophagus is healing and see if my hernia

term: BC
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: bc
context 1: UBC Hospital in Vancouver , BC in a few hours .
context 2: have been pursuing referrals in BC , Canada for a year
context 3: " so Canadians -- especially BC residents -- please be very

term: worsens
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: worsen
context 1: pressure and discomfort constantly that worsens after eating , I presume
context 2: bruised or pressure . This worsens after eating . Is this
context 3: in a bad way i.e. worsens side effects like slow swallow

term: frogs
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: frog
context 1: my experience with my fellow frogs . I ’m from Toledo
context 2: soft drinks to get the frogs , often i have water
context 3: was in class and the frogs lasted for 3 fucking hours

term: activated
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: activate
context 1: that muscle is just never activated . But , she did
context 2: distressing symptom is the constantly activated gag reflex - like I
context 3: has anyone 's doctor recommended activated charcoal ? He 's never

term: adjusting
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: adjust
context 1: many of you have tried adjusting your diet to avoid excess
context 2: related to swelling and just adjusting to having that muscle be
context 3: bad that I was literally adjusting my work schedule around the

term: Wait
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: wait
context 1: , and hold it . Wait until you feel the air
context 2: to do anything differently ? Wait ? How long do u
context 3: and she was like " Wait ... I have that same

term: walks
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: walk
context 1: a week , long brisk walks weekly as well as strength
context 2: singing to myself on my walks home from work with a
context 3: hobbies , I go for walks , I still get anxious

term: insights
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: insight
context 1: someone . would appreciate your insights as well .
context 2: I appreciate all of your insights and experiences .
context 3: everyone for their work , insights , and diligence . It

term: FINALLY
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: finally
context 1: for me . I ’m FINALLY getting the Botox procedure done
context 2: and authorization process , I FINALLY received the Botox today !
context 3: a family practice Internist who FINALLY did blood work . He

term: clicked
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: click
context 1: I clicked on this Reddit as a
context 2: it . Never have I clicked so instantly while reading through
context 3: postpartum something in my body clicked and I started burping !

term: freaks
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: freak
context 1: botox treatment but it actually freaks me out more than the
context 2: where i can and it freaks me out and makes me
context 3: procedure* , which kind of freaks me out . I know

term: lines
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: line
context 1: ago titled something along the lines of “ I feel stupid
context 2: looking up something along the lines of “ why do i
context 3: " or something along those lines . This may be very

term: PPO
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: ppo
context 1: coverage - Premera Blue Cross PPO . They also wo n’t
context 2: have BCBS ( FEP Basic PPO ) , if anyone has
context 3: Blue Cross / Blue Shield PPO insurance . Was the procedure

term: workouts
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: workout
context 1: ever done cardio / light workouts my whole life ( martial
context 2: to eat enough to supplement workouts so I always have to
context 3: I ca n't do any workouts because the lack of breath

term: impacts
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: impact
context 1: Any negative impacts ?
context 2: much of my life and impacts me on a daily basis
context 3: of our life and that impacts in any situation . But

term: mistakes
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: mistake
context 1: sorry if I make any mistakes .. I 'm turning 18
context 2: ; PS : sorry for mistakes , not a native speaker
context 3: sorry if I make spelling mistakes , I 'm french and

term: Advil
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: advil
context 1: would after a workout . Advil seems to help though !
context 2: to eat before I can Advil to help with the pain
context 3: avoid reflux * liquid baby Advil bc swallowing will be hard

term: Ontario
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: ontario
context 1: Botox Treatment in Ontario ?
context 2: know of any doctors in Ontario that can perform Dr. Bastian
context 3: Any recent updates with Ontario people getting Botox treatments ?

term: Bastain
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: bastain
context 1: , our hero , Dr. Bastain !!
context 2: only after I linked Dr. Bastain 's report did I get
context 3: microburps yet , but Dr Bastain said I should start noticing

term: According
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: accord
context 1: can all calm down . According to my rheumatologist , if
context 2: . It was depressing . According to the studies I 'd
context 3: me burp three times . According to her , I had

term: Texas
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: texas
context 1: it happens i 'm in Texas for a few days so
context 2: . I ’m in North Texas , I ’ve been to
context 3: know of any doctors in Texas that can do the Botox

term: DC
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: dc
context 1: anyone seen Dr. Bielamowicz in DC for botox ? I went
context 2: ) [ https://doctors.bannerhealth.com/provider/Manikandan+Sugumaran/455574](https://doctors.bannerhealth.com/provider/Manikandan+Sugumaran/455574) * Washington DC : Dr. Stephen Bielamowicz ,
context 3: https://www.reddit.com/u/erizzlle/)\] [ https://www.gwhospital.com/conditions-services/ears-nose-throat/steven-bielamowicz](https://www.gwhospital.com/conditions-services/ears-nose-throat/steven-bielamowicz) * Washington DC : Dr. Orestes , Walter

term: nutrients
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: nutrient
context 1: diminishes their ability to absorb nutrients too . Are most of
context 2: and probably not getting enough nutrients , or if it 's
context 3: with my diet . The nutrients I was deficient in match

term: MALS
frequency: 36
lemmatized_to: mals
context 1: - CPD and also had MALS or some kind of arterial
context 2: theory that it might be MALS ( median arcuate ligament syndrome
context 3: come in the symptomology . MALS can be congenital just like

term: JUST
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: just
context 1: 6 weeks ago , school JUST started that Monday ( I
context 2: exclaiming , " DID SOMEONE JUST THROW UP ? ! "
context 3: the walls and screaming " JUST GET OUT OF MY THROAT

term: raised
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: raise
context 1: as I was born , raised , and still reside in
context 2: of my bed has been raised 20 cm to avoid acid
context 3: the last few days have raised my hopes that I may

term: Endoscopy
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: endoscopy
context 1: . Upper GI , Upper Endoscopy , Barium Enema , Colonoscopy
context 2: emetophobes how was the Nose Endoscopy experience ? Making me kind
context 3: ! I had an upper Endoscopy and was cleared for everything

term: loose
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: lose
context 1: up pressure just let itself loose . It felt sooo good
context 2: . Your jaw should be loose , and your mouth should
context 3: think the valve being so loose is causing some odd sounds

term: users
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: user
context 1: across this subreddit full of users describing the exact same symptoms
context 2: this subreddit , surrounded by users who knew these circumstances of
context 3: a possible connection between THC users and esophageal relaxation dysfunction :

term: cares
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: care
context 1: me . For anyone who cares to read this part (
context 2: has a doctor that actually cares and listens . I am
context 3: I choked but who fucking cares ? I can burp .

term: stairs
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: stair
context 1: and after running up the stairs from underground , I knew
context 2: my strenght ( going up stairs made me almost passout the
context 3: walking up a flight of stairs . It ’s not like

term: Needless
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: needless
context 1: only person in sight . Needless to say , I quickly
context 2: a combination of both . Needless to say , that experience
context 3: ) in this group . Needless to say , she and

term: AT
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: at
context 1: the 2nd injection without waiting AT LEAST 6 months , let
context 2: surgery is ** NOT NECESSARY AT ALL ** . Not being
context 3: I think I 've burped AT LEAST 15 times . Or

term: Part
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: part
context 1: it can feel scary . Part of why BVI does the
context 2: neck stretch . [ https://i.redd.it/aju9v4qei8z31.gif](https://i.redd.it/aju9v4qei8z31.gif) Part 1 of this post has
context 3: used cereal milk . ) Part of why it 's so

term: Microburps
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: microburp
context 1: ? Otherwise doing solid . Microburps galore . Lots and lots
context 2: March at 50 units . Microburps ( about 2 - 3x
context 3: stay encouraged and turn these Microburps into real burps ?

term: Colorado
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: colorado
context 1: Doctors in Colorado ?
context 2: anyone found a doctor in Colorado or nearby states that performs
context 3: success with any doctors in Colorado ?

term: Except
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: except
context 1: to let it out . Except the cough opened up way
context 2: etc. ) went away . Except , the bloating is still
context 3: to alleviate the pain . Except ... afterwards it did n't

term: infections
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: infection
context 1: kid . I have sinus infections and dry nose . I
context 2: kid had lots of ear infections and upper respiratory infections until
context 3: ear infections and upper respiratory infections until 10 - 15ish \-

term: ANYTHING
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: anything
context 1: obviously as I ’ll try ANYTHING . They put a camera
context 2: throat any time I swallow ANYTHING . Thin liquids , thick
context 3: . Just eating and drinking ANYTHING spawns my symptoms , but

term: bubbling
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: bubble
context 1: than just tiny gas pockets bubbling up . I still have
context 2: in my throat and make bubbling noises that sound like when
context 3: . I have gurgling / bubbling sounds up my throat all

term: dots
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: dot
context 1: leaving me with little red dots every time it happens ,
context 2: this forum and connecting the dots , I found my solution
context 3: I ’ve never connected the dots that that was because I

term: Sleep
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: sleep
context 1: Sleep apnea
context 2: Has anyone with Sleep Apnea had this procedure done
context 3: Sleep toots

term: surgeons
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: surgeon
context 1: one of the ENT team surgeons there that he would not
context 2: . I know that most surgeons and practitioners who treat R
context 3: - nurses , anesthesiologists , surgeons , everyone . I can

term: N'T
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: not
context 1: any RCPD sufferers that DO N'T have painful / forceful vomiting
context 2: had . WELL IT WAS N'T . It never bothered me
context 3: work but 75 units DID N'T all I 've had are

term: scrambled
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: scramble
context 1: Took a bite out of scrambled eggs and it felt stuck
context 2: of soft sounding burps after scrambled eggs on toast this morning
context 3: our hotel and I had scrambled eggs and sausage , it

term: forwards
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: forward
context 1: I could do it facing forwards ( so not even needing
context 2: Extending head and neck forwards to burp post - botox
context 3: extending the head and neck forwards to help with burping ..

term: smallest
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: small
context 1: that I can do the smallest thing — burp ! It
context 2: every time I had the smallest amount of bloating or felt
context 3: discomfort and only have the smallest of burps a few times

term: shoes
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: shoe
context 1: if you were in my shoes ?
context 2: right before you tie your shoes , or before you do
context 3: , can finally tie my shoes without feeling like im gon

term: debilitating
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: debilitating
context 1: burp , the nausia is debilitating and the acid reflux goes
context 2: As this subreddit shows how debilitating yet common noburp is ,
context 3: remember how fucking miserable and debilitating it was , so offer

term: weights
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: weight
context 1: poor posture / started lifting weights , and was pretty much
context 2: resuming some activity by lifting weights again and it caused more
context 3: . So I started doing weights , drinking protein shakes ,

term: Charité
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: charité
context 1: statutory health insurances at the Charité in Berlin . In Hamburg
context 2: procedure is done at the Charité Berlin ( Dr. Jolie /
context 3: and procedure here at the Charité , it gets covered by

term: twisted
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: twist
context 1: I had honestly thought I twisted my ovaries or something \-
context 2: I did my usual .. twisted my head to the left
context 3: the lock , and I twisted my abdomen a little to

term: designed
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: design
context 1: can burp ) is n't designed to burp " starting from
context 2: digestive symptoms . It 's designed to " reset " your
context 3: just tried one that 's designed to alleviate gas and bloating

term: Amazon
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: amazon
context 1: wrapped sterile tongue depressors through Amazon . Admittedly , it is
context 2: one of five $ 15 Amazon e-gift cards ** . *
context 3: , I discovered these on Amazon and I will never go

term: Week
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: week
context 1: be all normal ! ** Week 1 , Final Update **
context 2: of all other symptoms . Week 3 : Small burps are
context 3: … good … whoa . Week 4 : Some longer burps

term: consulted
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: consult
context 1: daily life . I have consulted several specialists to try to
context 2: great oral hygiene and have consulted with my dentist who said
context 3: per the allergist I 've consulted ) . Also , truckloads

term: believing
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: believe
context 1: After years of doctors not believing me and telling me nothing
context 2: After years of doctors not believing me and telling me nothing
context 3: closed , peaceful , just believing I could relax myself .

term: Multiple
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: multiple
context 1: the beginning of recovery . Multiple half - second burps in
context 2: I am burping EVERYDAY . Multiple times a day , after
context 3: and I started burping ! Multiple times a day ! And

term: Yo
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: your
context 1: Yo . Here are some details
context 2: .** * my reply * Yo ! So I 've had
context 3: Yo , thought i 'd share

term: derived
frequency: 35
lemmatized_to: derive
context 1: a general anesthesia and those derived from the manipulation that we
context 2: The digestive enzymes are naturally derived from foods , but still
context 3: both professional and amateur ) derived fact , it is not

term: Vomiting
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: vomiting
context 1: Terrified of Vomiting
context 2: , Tummy Migraines , Cyclical Vomiting Syndrome , Pseudo Obstruction ,
context 3: The different modalities of Air Vomiting

term: switching
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: switch
context 1: ‘ huh ’ . Keep switching between an audible and whispering
context 2: me is since I keep switching between shoe lifts and inserts
context 3: similar ? I 've tried switching my breathing to belly breathing

term: Mexico
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: mexico
context 1: ? I live in New Mexico and I 'm trying to
context 2: night before a trip to Mexico . I was staying at
context 3: think there 's anyone in Mexico treating this . Thanks for

term: Anesthesia
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: anesthesia
context 1: Anesthesia question
context 2: to do it with General Anesthesia which i was totally for
context 3: has done it with General Anesthesia mention this , I thought

term: bothers
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: bother
context 1: phelgm in my throat that bothers me since many years ago
context 2: . He also says it bothers him while driving , and
context 3: botox treatment , but still bothers me a lot . The

term: Sleeve
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: sleeve
context 1: surgery , a Vertical Gastric Sleeve and Hiatal Hernia Repair .
context 2: YOU OK ” After my Sleeve surgery I was afraid to
context 3: think is due to my Sleeve . With 80 % of

term: OMG
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: omg
context 1: WHY I FART SO MUCH OMG I LOVE THIS
context 2: same but with beer and OMG does it work for me
context 3: heard them say again " OMG , urghh someone 's throwing

term: cheeks
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: cheek
context 1: your mouth with air , cheeks bulging , and swallow it
context 2: times . I fill my cheeks with the remaining lung capacity
context 3: swallow the air in my cheeks . This is almost impossible

term: toilets
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: toilet
context 1: having to escape to the toilets , just covering my mouth
context 2: to eat and where the toilets are . 2 . Gurgles
context 3: to scan the room for toilets , think about a way

term: singers
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: singer
context 1: Any fellow singers out there ? Also ,
context 2: burp and vocal tension for singers ?!
context 3: the biggest tips for beginner singers is training to lower your

term: spirits
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: spirit
context 1: with cider , wine or spirits . I did once get
context 2: surprise me because I drink spirits with fizzy mixers . I
context 3: , I 'm in good spirits and I 'm optimistic about

term: TIME
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: time
context 1: of microburps ( ALL. THE. TIME . ) . Almost all
context 2: and feel bloated ALL THE TIME . By the end of
context 3: people feel like ALL THE TIME . " It 's incredible

term: Little
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: little
context 1: makes weird noises instead . Little did I know I ’m
context 2: of my noburp demons . Little did I know these episodes
context 3: letting out a microburp . Little bit of regurgitation ( does

term: drawn
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: draw
context 1: some conclusion that could be drawn from this .
context 2: have n't got my blood drawn in probably 10 years because
context 3: few hours fart really long drawn out farts and then no

term: charged
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: charge
context 1: me know why you were charged more ? TIA !
context 2: How much did you get charged for the anesthesia ?
context 3: paid , what were you charged ? bonus points if you

term: High
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: high
context 1: beverages are no good . High acidity is tough for me
context 2: ( UES ) is the High Resolution Esophageal Manometry , that
context 3: Middle school and High school were a terrible big

term: Hess
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: hess
context 1: no - burpers : Dr. Hess just release a new video
context 2: the botox injection by Dr. Hess in Hamburg . The morning
context 3: yesterday with Prof . Dr. Hess in Hamburg - the whole

term: convincing
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: convince
context 1: them , or tips for convincing their Vitality GP or claims
context 2: relief and my brain is convincing me I ’m going to
context 3: you spend a few years convincing yourself your physical symptoms are

term: Portland
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: portland
context 1: 🩻 Missed Connection , Portland OR 🩻
context 2: Dr. Schindler at OHSU in Portland , Oregon , USA .
context 3: Dr. Schindler in Portland , OR

term: sends
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: send
context 1: or upper throat and this sends my brain a ‘ nausea
context 2: taste slightly strange and it sends me into a panic as
context 3: burp out when my tummy sends one up , but I

term: oz
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: ounce
context 1: me consumes 8 - 12 oz of fluid plus gels packs
context 2: like 2 - 3 12 oz cans a day . I
context 3: couple days ago , 16 oz carbonated water - I felt

term: Carroll
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: carroll
context 1: an appointment with Dr. Thomas Carroll in Boston . he has
context 2: first round , and Dr. Carroll only does the botox under
context 3: a preliminary consult with Dr. Carroll at Brigham & Women ’s

term: seltzers
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: seltzer
context 1: any carbonated drink … especially seltzers . But I found a
context 2: 've been able to chug seltzers ( and even have 2
context 3: now . I drink 2 seltzers per day to practice .

term: exploring
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: explore
context 1: step is allergy testing and exploring LPR . Exploring LPR is
context 2: helpful for those of you exploring your options !
context 3: botox or the procedure until exploring other options . He put

term: controls
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: control
context 1: system became damaged as this controls the UES . Thiamine deficiency
context 2: nerves ? The vagus nerve controls the reflex we 're looking
context 3: to the spine . It controls many things including digestion .

term: addressed
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: address
context 1: over medical questions , I addressed my fears of post anaesthesia
context 2: have had more medical issues addressed in the last nine and
context 3: CPD ) needs to be addressed . I 'm going to

term: eased
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: ease
context 1: anti nausea drugs . That eased my mind a bit but
context 2: a general sore throat , eased with tea and honey ?
context 3: up or the botox has eased up . * My voice

term: Starting
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: starting
context 1: often end in burps . Starting to be able to burp
context 2: have . ​ 1 . Starting off strong with some oversharing
context 3: a lot lol ) . Starting to feel like things will

term: straws
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: straw
context 1: and not to drink through straws . The breathing thing never
context 2: ) ? Just grasping at straws here , so sick of
context 3: even more bloated when using straws ? I recently bought a

term: Rcpd
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: rcpd
context 1: me to get botox for Rcpd based off my symptoms but
context 2: Rcpd for runners
context 3: I have Rcpd and problems with acid reflux

term: Less
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: less
context 1: which was quite amusing . Less gurgles today too . Day
context 2: ? Is it easier ? Less painful ? Does it just
context 3: fade . No nausea . Less flatulence and bloating . Bowel

term: medicines
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: medicine
context 1: every diet , restriction , medicines , and even things like
context 2: medicines to help
context 3: Anyone found medicines that help the gurgles ?

term: specialized
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: specialize
context 1: with a R - CPD specialized ENT next week ! )
context 2: same time , which he specialized in as well . So
context 3: only one doctor who is specialized in the treatment in my

term: Exactly
frequency: 34
lemmatized_to: exactly
context 1: ) . Day 2 – Exactly the same as Day 1
context 2: Hey fellow non burpers . Exactly a month ago it was
context 3: Exactly 5 weeks post Botox today

term: tilted
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: tilt
context 1: a sink with my head tilted to the side , shoulders
context 2: against the bathroom wall and tilted my head so it could
context 3: a bit but when I tilted my head , I could

term: Thoughts
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: thought
context 1: happen to anyone else ? Thoughts ?
context 2: I 've been miserable . Thoughts ?
context 3: what exactly to say . Thoughts ?

term: York
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: york
context 1: real estate agent in New York City , and a 100
context 2: Dr. Michael Pittman in New York city for the Botox .
context 3: I 'm in Western New York ) . I 've leaned

term: pursuing
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: pursue
context 1: later ? I have been pursuing referrals in BC , Canada
context 2: something that is even worth pursuing through the NHS or if
context 3: and i ’m thinking about pursuing treatment , but i have

term: asks
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: ask
context 1: PS : If a doctor asks me " Can you Pass
context 2: Title asks the main question ! Have
context 3: explaining my issue if anyone asks . My girlfriend supported me

term: Anthem
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: anthem
context 1: to hear , the National Anthem , America the Beautiful ,
context 2: Anthem denied by appeal ( more
context 3: denied it because they are Anthem 's pharmacy benefit manager )

term: Excessive
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: excessive
context 1: diagnosed in early teens . Excessive flatulence . In a bad
context 2: / stomach pains . * Excessive flatulence , yes . *
context 3: especially in the evening * Excessive flatulence pretty much for my

term: Tomorrow
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: tomorrow
context 1: so far no pain . Tomorrow I will drink some coffee
context 2: Tomorrow is my first appointment to
context 3: my botox success story . Tomorrow will be 2 weeks since

term: Low
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: lo
context 1: of vomitting - Anxiety - Low tolerance of fruit - Vomitting
context 2: Low Energy from General Anaesthesia or
context 3: ) - 1x Diet ( Low FODMAP ) &nbsp ; **

term: forgotten
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: forget
context 1: with gas that I 'd forgotten how it felt . So
context 2: to the house for a forgotten face mask I was gasping
context 3: a concert when I had forgotten to eat for hours and

term: screaming
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: scream
context 1: , punching the walls and screaming " JUST GET OUT OF
context 2: i have a future in screaming on rollercoasters now that i
context 3: painful I ’ve spent nights screaming on the floor , crying

term: relating
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: relate
context 1: few days post - op relating to the throat “ lump
context 2: this reddit and I ’m relating to it A LOT !
context 3: finding this reddit I ’m relating to this much more .

term: blew
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: blow
context 1: every other GI , she blew it off as not anything
context 2: times a day , which blew my mind that that was
context 3: this past weekend . It blew my mind to see that

term: preferred
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: prefer
context 1: Bastian seems to be the preferred doctor for this condition ,
context 2: in Manchester on list of preferred hospitals , which could mean
context 3: ] ( mailto:motility@mcw.edu ) ( preferred ) or call us at

term: recommends
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: recommend
context 1: regurgitation ) , my doctor recommends scheduling the 2nd injection without
context 2: to 6 weeks . She recommends waiting about 2 weeks before
context 3: doctor who does this procedure recommends . I recommend it ,

term: Throughout
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: throughout
context 1: whole thing for happen . Throughout the day I tried flexing
context 2: DAY 4 POST OP : Throughout day 4 I think I
context 3: in my digestive tract . Throughout this past year , I

term: Besides
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: besides
context 1: jaw during the surgery . Besides that everything went very smoothly
context 2: How did you feel ? Besides being able to burp ,
context 3: n’t know or care . Besides , they were using lasers

term: Given
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: give
context 1: even burp once . ​ Given that both times in the
context 2: could be volunteered for . Given how prevalent the condition seems
context 3: full of carbon dioxide . Given that I ca n't burp

term: Time
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: time
context 1: Hi All , Long Time Lurker Here . I had
context 2: I used to experience . Time will tell . All in
context 3: can and you will . Time heals all , especially this

term: imagined
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: imagine
context 1: not as dramatic as I imagined . I had my exam
context 2: more than I could have imagined that not burping would have
context 3: could relax myself . I imagined my esophagus as a series

term: TMJ
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: tmj
context 1: things . I had bilateral TMJ replacement and upper jaw surgery
context 2: procedure . I do have TMJ so that could also have
context 3: this ? i also have TMJ which is pretty bad too

term: Bielamowicz
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: bielamowicz
context 1: Anyone seen Dr. Bielamowicz ?
context 2: Has anyone seen Dr. Bielamowicz in DC for botox ?
context 3: I heard I about Dr. Bielamowicz . I do n't see

term: breaking
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: breaking
context 1: and I ’ve reached my breaking point with my symptoms .
context 2: . day . It 's breaking me down . I have
context 3: after quite a few heart breaking years seeing my boy struggle

term: faded
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: fade
context 1: point where side effects have faded and everything is back to
context 2: got relief and then it faded . What am I suppose
context 3: both times , but they faded away both times and I

term: restricted
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: restricted
context 1: that I am on a restricted diet for my gastritis .
context 2: of being on such a restricted diet for that period of
context 3: The bottom has a small restricted opening at the end ,

term: consultants
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: consultant
context 1: will allow you to find consultants in your area that are
context 2: searched the names of the consultants that might be promising to
context 3: go - round of paediatric consultants who have prescribed Gerd drugs

term: laryngospasms
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: laryngospasm
context 1: else and reminding myself that laryngospasms are scary and not lethal
context 2: chewing seems to trigger the laryngospasms or ‘ choking ’ effect
context 3: for me was I had laryngospasms which made it feel like

term: Scotland
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: scotland
context 1: has another patient coming from Scotland for the procedure . I
context 2: come up and down from Scotland for this and paying out
context 3: from the north Highlands of Scotland to London but flights from

term: submitted
frequency: 33
lemmatized_to: submit
context 1: been this bad . I submitted an appointment request with my
context 2: anonymous .*** * If already submitted , please do not complete
context 3: the feed . I even submitted a test post which appeared

term: Downers
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: downers
context 1: the last 48 hours in Downers Grove , IL . So
context 2: took the train out to Downers Grove the next day ,
context 3: figured I was already in Downers Grove missing work as it

term: lessen
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: less
context 1: recommend for croakers trying to lessen croaks ?
context 2: am hoping that this will lessen the usual bloating and what
context 3: sore throat finally started to lessen . Day 5 ( today

term: settings
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: setting
context 1: Symptoms would worsen in social settings all the way up to
context 2: only accorded in certain social settings . Am scared that it
context 3: link ] ( <UNK> its settings M2 and M3 on the

term: sweating
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: sweat
context 1: ? ) but I started sweating immensely out of the blue
context 2: told , “ ... No sweating , slurping , burping ,
context 3: last 20 years I was sweating and straining and dry heaving

term: lessons
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: lesson
context 1: not burp . I had lessons from my boyfriend , they
context 2: the bottom for tips / lessons I learned . Towards the
context 3: I 've had many burping lessons from my boyfriend , but

term: punching
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: punch
context 1: 'm losing my temper , punching the walls and screaming "
context 2: 'm going as far as punching my throat to try to
context 3: mushrooms and do n't go punching yourself in the throat ,

term: Finding
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: find
context 1: had expected by now . Finding I had lots of micro
context 2: drink something fizzy ” . Finding this sub has been a
context 3: of torture . 17 . Finding out the name of your

term: kicks
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: kick
context 1: at once , the anxiety kicks in and then I get
context 2: I tried again just for kicks and it worked . I
context 3: I wonder when rcpd usually kicks in for people ? When

term: blockers
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: blocker
context 1: worse . Acid reducers and blockers also make it much worse
context 2: and prescribed me with acid blockers , which I did n’t
context 3: again prescribed me with acid blockers . After talking to that

term: clients
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: client
context 1: . I also sit with clients face to face much of
context 2: spent face to face with clients ( as a psychotherapist )
context 3: the office and especially with clients . I hope some of

term: examples
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: example
context 1: if you could leave some examples of food ! Also ,
context 2: you all give me some examples of what you did /
context 3: Belching Tutorial . There are examples of labored inhaling , hiccupping

term: claiming
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: claim
context 1: However , no one is claiming it will cure your acid
context 2: can talk about their experience claiming for botox through them ,
context 3: 's . I 'm not claiming this method will work for

term: tightening
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: tighten
context 1: do full burps just by tightening my stomach ( multiple burps
context 2: hope you too can recognise tightening motions and learn to not
context 3: You should also feel a tightening at the top of your

term: tasting
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: tasting
context 1: I had a mild - tasting filter coffee which was delicious
context 2: burping up this flavor and tasting it , apparently this is
context 3: more often my burps are tasting like stomach acid instead of

term: BUPA
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: bupa
context 1: private health insurance schemes like BUPA fund it ?
context 2: Anyone go through BUPA in the UK ?
context 3: I have health insurance with BUPA but I 've never really

term: King
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: king
context 1: with noburp : \- fart King \- gurgling chest sounds ,
context 2: ENT ( Dr. J Michael King ) to get Botox and
context 3: Wiki post lists Dr. Michael King in Colorado , but I

term: intended
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: intend
context 1: hit the crycopharangeus muscle as intended . It is really disappointing
context 2: a burpee ( no pun intended ) and emptying my stomach
context 3: in mind that this is intended to be “ informational ,

term: apologies
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: apology
context 1: has been asked , my apologies . I tried to find
context 2: burping burping before . So apologies for what might feel like
context 3: tonight since my procedure ( apologies bc I ’m writing this

term: rides
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: ride
context 1: i love roller coasters but rides would make me gag because
context 2: myself not to scream on rides and just keep my mouth
context 3: motion sick on long car rides and on airplanes , and

term: coughs
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: cough
context 1: my body creates with these coughs . ( Bf said I
context 2: now I ’m forcing out coughs all the time and it
context 3: air by doing very deep coughs . I do n't have

term: Jefferson
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: jefferson
context 1: to see Dr. Spiegel at Jefferson in Philadelphia . The receptionist
context 2: 23OCT23 with Dr. Spiegel at Jefferson Health in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
context 3: astounding success . Everyone at Jefferson Health was fantastic and Dr.

term: Open
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: open
context 1: bottle & shake 5 . Open and let carbonation out .
context 2: Diagnosis and Treatment . OTO Open . 2019;3(1):2473974X19834553 . Published 2019
context 3: my plan is OAP ( Open Access Plus ) . I

term: dilated
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: dilated
context 1: and my esophageal sphincter is dilated so air just sits there
context 2: has anyone had their esophagus dilated with a balloon . I
context 3: said my esophagus was pretty dilated ( and he saw me

term: closes
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: close
context 1: with Dr Holmes before he closes his practice in September and
context 2: up and my sphincter still closes while the pressure pushes against
context 3: issue feel like their throat closes ( kind of like when

term: popped
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: pop
context 1: than COVID ) - Ear popped and the usual fix does
context 2: was the first thing that popped up ! I read so
context 3: and a little half burp popped out all by itself .

term: Turning
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: turn
context 1: also do this ? ​ Turning head to side also works
context 2: to be going well . Turning my head to the side
context 3: will come with practice . Turning my head to the side

term: remembering
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: remember
context 1: was finally over . After remembering that story , I 've
context 2: many days of thinking and remembering how this all went down
context 3: time ever . And then remembering back to conversations I had

term: Diet
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: diet
context 1: , had a can of Diet Coke and I was in
context 2: go back to sleep . Diet makes a difference , but
context 3: acid reflux ) - 1x Diet ( Low FODMAP ) &nbsp

term: SLP
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: slp
context 1: experience was great . The SLP is Anna Burton , she
context 2: Going to actually see an SLP is definitely the most useful
context 3: if anyone here is a SLP or has talked to one

term: cons
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: con
context 1: what are the pros / cons ? how much does it
context 2: would happen , pros and cons etc and leave me to
context 3: 21f ) all the realistic cons of getting treatment ? i

term: emetophobes
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: emetophobe
context 1: Also for those who are emetophobes how was the Nose Endoscopy
context 2: want to chat with fellow emetophobes about any concerns , go
context 3: I have a suspicion that emetophobes have often associated burping with

term: removing
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: remove
context 1: Farmer removing bloat from a cow with
context 2: spot . He planned on removing it as well at the
context 3: the links . Reposting and removing the hyperlinks , hopefully that

term: leaking
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: leak
context 1: my stomach for stomach acid leaking through my body and said
context 2: I hear is from Botox leaking into my voice box .
context 3: gas distention ( down to leaking gas and mucus anally )

term: Summary
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: summary
context 1: Quick Summary First surgery : doctor did
context 2: Side Neck Sit- Ups exercises Summary : - Doing Shaker +
context 3: throat and focusing on burping Summary : - focused on relaxing

term: Healthcare
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: healthcare
context 1: . My employer offers a Healthcare concierge service , so I
context 2: Botox procedure costs with United Healthcare
context 3: up for anyone with United Healthcare , my cost for the

term: books
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: book
context 1: when I found a few books online that I really wanted
context 2: time to get on the books for the procedure itself .
context 3: I remember seeing people in books and movies complaining about how

term: strategies
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: strategy
context 1: anyone has any solutions or strategies to reduce symptoms in general
context 2: to expect and had good strategies . My acid reflux did
context 3: some social anxiety . Any strategies I could mitigate the gurgles

term: Guinness
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: guinness
context 1: about how they could drink Guinness , so I asked my
context 2: I found that beers like Guinness / Harp and other nitro
context 3: cask ales , wine or Guinness in the pub to avoid

term: contains
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: contain
context 1: is that so much food contains gluten ! Which explains why
context 2: makes us bloated ? It contains no gas , so I
context 3: eat or drink something that contains air i can release it

term: NG
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: ng
context 1: NG tube feeding as baby ?
context 2: ca n’t tell me if NG Tube was capped . I
context 3: they have been capping the NG Tube , and he even

term: images
frequency: 32
lemmatized_to: image
context 1: and have tried looking at images . I sent Lucy my
context 2: link too all the imgur images linked in this post [
context 3: captures live x - ray images from the waist to the

term: cocktails
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: cocktail
context 1: dead if I have any cocktails . Hot Chocolate . Baked
context 2: went out for pizza and cocktails for a leaving do tonight
context 3: . Then we went for cocktails .... Everything I got had

term: lifted
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: lift
context 1: the weight has literally been lifted off my chest , but
context 2: went to the bathroom and lifted the lid , then I
context 3: answers is a huge weight lifted off my chest .

term: Ohio
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: ohio
context 1: I ’m from Toledo , Ohio and my brother and I
context 2: ’m moving to Cleveland , Ohio in a couple weeks and
context 3: Southwest Ohio ENT Specialist in Dayton will

term: admitted
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: admit
context 1: Edit : I was admitted again to the hospital with
context 2: with this girl , I admitted that I was often uncomfortable
context 3: of op : I was admitted to hospital at 7 am

term: Atlanta
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: atlanta
context 1: ? I live outside of Atlanta , GA , wondering if
context 2: Botox Atlanta , Ga
context 3: Tower , Fl 9 , Atlanta , GA 30308 404-778-3381

term: YEARS
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: year
context 1: been a problem for fucking YEARS . I could n’t drink
context 2: afflicted with no burp for YEARS for as long as I
context 3: For the first time in YEARS I ’m eating and not

term: chatted
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: chate
context 1: done tomorrow -- and we chatted for a bit about this
context 2: anything wrong . I video chatted with Dr. Verma , and
context 3: they tucked me in and chatted to me a little bit

term: Florida
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: florida
context 1: I ca n't travel to Florida and back ( from Canada
context 2: Anyone have procedure done in Florida ????
context 3: the Botox procedure done in Florida please let me know !

term: anticipated
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: anticipate
context 1: , lots of places I anticipated visiting in London were closed
context 2: this something I should have anticipated ? I had hoped to
context 3: It 's longer than we anticipated , so thanks again to

term: gasses
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: gas
context 1: in the intestines than air gasses , and it 's more
context 2: making frog noises \ [ gasses escaping from my gut\ ]
context 3: stomach is unable to hold gasses in . You begin to

term: GPs
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: gp
context 1: be very specific with your GPs and ask for Dr. Hu
context 2: constant battle having to convince GPs that anything is wrong .
context 3: symptoms I get . My GPs and gastro consultant have basically

term: odds
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: odd
context 1: , I ’ll take those odds to rid myself of this
context 2: , I wonder what the odds of us getting together were
context 3: wondering , what are the odds that 3 of the 45

term: photos
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: photo
context 1: had to pose for some photos because my parents run a
context 2: I see people post bloating photos on Reddit all the time
context 3: needed ! Even got two photos of my throat / esophagus

term: concerts
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: concert
context 1: social activity . Going to concerts , movies , sporting events
context 2: halfway thru !! ) - concerts I am so thankful every
context 3: excited for nights out , concerts , etc . I ca

term: growls
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: growl
context 1: Anxiety and growls
context 2: , obnoxious stomach / chest growls aaaallllll the time . I
context 3: 'll get the usual chest growls and bit of nausea ,

term: pronounced
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: pronounce
context 1: , and the pain more pronounced . I suffer from all
context 2: a much stronger / more pronounced jaw and “ jawline ”
context 3: be . They are usually pronounced enough to limit or severely

term: directions
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: direction
context 1: all , looking in different directions when the air is coming
context 2: tilt my head in certain directions . Later in the night
context 3: my issue from two different directions - 1 . exercises to

term: heaved
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: heave
context 1: times where I ’ve dry heaved but nothing has come up
context 2: throat , sort of " heaved " - and after about
context 3: point where I literally dry heaved 3 or 4 times and

term: wishing
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: wish
context 1: all for listening , and wishing you the best of luck
context 2: significant pain and discomfort just wishing so badly that i could
context 3: you ball your eyes out wishing you could just burp but

term: scans
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: scan
context 1: remember , I ’ve gotten scans and my lungs and heart
context 2: colonoscopies , endoscopies , CT scans , ultrasounds . All show
context 3: They have found nothing on scans etc I also get really

term: encouraging
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: encourage
context 1: , increasing the pressure and encouraging the tube to stay closed
context 2: burps . It 's really encouraging . Ca n't control it
context 3: n't for the sake of encouraging or discouraging anyone re :

term: Ate
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: ate
context 1: a friend ’s house . Ate a burger , 2 spoonfuls
context 2: . Had a workout . Ate food . My day was
context 3: stopping had 2 microburps . Ate a big meal , felt

term: Ultimately
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: ultimately
context 1: Which the insurance denied . Ultimately I did pay $ 832
context 2: taking over my life . Ultimately , i was diagnosed with
context 3: going through with it . Ultimately , I decided against it

term: consultations
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: consultation
context 1: been lucky enough to have consultations with two doctors who treat
context 2: . While i have had consultations with the doctors commonly discussed
context 3: years of symptoms , unsatisfactory consultations and negative tests before finding

term: patterns
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: pattern
context 1: able to establish normal eating patterns and not associate eating with
context 2: up developing pretty bad avoidance patterns . Now I need to
context 3: to evaluate if upper esophageal patterns consistent with RCPD are present

term: Laying
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: lay
context 1: burp under my breath . Laying off the soda for a
context 2: of choking on vomit . Laying on my back , propped
context 3: - Side Neck Sit-Ups : Laying down on side and tilting

term: refuses
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: refuse
context 1: stomach starving but my throat refuses to let me eat .
context 2: , while the cp muscle refuses :(
context 3: me to TRY AGAIN and refuses to do botox the RIGHT

term: Alexandra
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: alexandra
context 1: you saw Mr Karagama at Alexandra Hospital ( or even if
context 2: not allowed . The BMI Alexandra Hospital , Cheadle , Mr
context 3: date for surgery at the Alexandra hospital in Manchester . I

term: Love
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: love
context 1: past 2 weeks . Much Love ❤️
context 2: help with gas ? ) Love you fellow noburperz !
context 3: procedure . Overall hopeful ! Love this group ! UPDATE DAY

term: L
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: l
context 1: they made me drink 1 L of carbonated water in a
context 2: burps today . Drank 2 L of soda water , which
context 3: L - theanine

term: Depending
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: depend
context 1: this is 100 days . Depending on what they say ,
context 2: swallowing much at all . Depending on what I ’m eating
context 3: within seconds as well . Depending on how bloated / distended

term: Advice
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: advice
context 1: until 4 pm today . Advice ? Do n’t do that
context 2: Advice on turning air vomits into
context 3: Advice please - internally crying 😪

term: Therefore
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: therefore
context 1: in the throat area . Therefore , he concluded that he
context 2: euro for the procedure . Therefore , it seems that we
context 3: was n't an option . Therefore , going down the self

term: WILL
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: will
context 1: life . ** THIS SUBREDDIT WILL CHANGE YOURS AS WELL .**
context 2: AN EXTREME CONDITION THAT YOU WILL BE MISERABLE WITH ETC .
context 3: will happen first is YOU WILL BURP . Step 8 :

term: skipping
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: skip
context 1: , to cope I started skipping classes or getting special rooms
context 2: work . Watching comedies and skipping the burp jokes . Voice
context 3: FEELS like my heart is skipping .... I have a heart

term: Italy
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: italy
context 1: Germany , Austria , and Italy before heading back north through
context 2: The first case report from Italy
context 3: Botox doctor in Italy ?

term: Regarding
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: regard
context 1: a louder one ) . Regarding symptoms ( using my scale
context 2: and frankly great suffering . Regarding Botox I 'm always uncertain
context 3: my life without it . Regarding emetophobia , I have great

term: irritated
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: irritated
context 1: any sleep I feel so irritated and done with this I
context 2: my throat is kind of irritated . I do nt know
context 3: diminish , my throat was irritated for a short period of

term: HH
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: hh
context 1: some of the symptoms of HH as well , though she
context 2: this , and fixing an HH will take a lot of
context 3: I do have a small HH 2 cm but my plan

term: VESS
frequency: 31
lemmatized_to: vess
context 1: test ( otherwise known as VESS - videoendoscopic swallowing study )
context 2: does and suggests : 1. VESS ( Video Endoscopic Swallow Study
context 3: Bastian does : > normal VESS + R - CPD symtoms

term: cups
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: cup
context 1: my life I had 2 cups of normal milk every day
context 2: ( 1l = 4 cups ) i 'm trying to
context 3: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uI8ES4jRcPk) * ** Smaller coffee cups .** If I drink a

term: Kinda
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: kinda
context 1: be Celiac 's disease . Kinda nervous about the appointment with
context 2: truth through this process . Kinda unsure if this is gon
context 3: anything I was out . Kinda sad I did n’t get

term: lessened
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: lessen
context 1: perfectly straight , the croak lessened significantly . Taking deep breaths
context 2: ” . and it genuinely lessened the embarrassment of having to
context 3: if the mini burping has lessened or if my body is

term: chatting
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: chat
context 1: . I 'm interested in chatting if anyone wants to !
context 2: the deep end . After chatting with her she mentioned that
context 3: So maybe I like chatting with random people on discord

term: wrapped
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: wrap
context 1: of the stomach is partially wrapped around the esophagus to prevent
context 2: of the stomach is partially wrapped around the esophagus to prevent
context 3: so much anticipation and anxiety wrapped up in this . I

term: dates
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: date
context 1: avoid social situations and especially dates in the past couple years
context 2: the link in the bad dates thread ( ty again mate
context 3: ( could n’t clarify any dates ) . I called the

term: Afterwards
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: afterwards
context 1: came out at all . Afterwards , I had intense amounts
context 2: in half the time . Afterwards it felt a little bit
context 3: , shaking so bad . Afterwards I felt better and my

term: Breathing
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: breath
context 1: Trouble swallowing ? Eating ? Breathing ?
context 2: who got this procedure . Breathing is still in a much
context 3: sounds scarier than this . Breathing out , like trying to

term: Trust
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: trust
context 1: relief is worth it . Trust me you ’ll be happy
context 2: . Does n't work . Trust me , I 've legit
context 3: burping when it comes . Trust your body ! After a

term: threatening
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: threaten
context 1: was n’t a life - threatening issue so I thought I
context 2: know it 's not life threatening but it ruins every social
context 3: , which has become life threatening a couple times this year

term: effected
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: effect
context 1: their experiences on how this effected their social lives and how
context 2: . Wondering if this has effected anyone ’s apnea after the
context 3: rare condition , it extremely effected my day - to -

term: kicking
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: kick
context 1: , the botox is still kicking in but I 've done
context 2: : botox seemed to be kicking in . Had a couple
context 3: . Dreading the slow swallows kicking in by day 3 but

term: travels
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: travel
context 1: a large bubble of air travels up my esophagus , hits
context 2: escaped . It always just travels up and down making weird
context 3: eaten . When a gurgle travels up I can push a

term: discharged
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: discharge
context 1: this time when I was discharged from the hospital , they
context 2: 24 hours since I was discharged and as expected , I
context 3: finished , the patient is discharged a couple of hours after

term: accepting
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: accept
context 1: ’s website says he ’s accepting new patients , but after
context 2: treatment but Gastroenterologist is not accepting issue with burping as issue
context 3: coronavirus to subside , before accepting patients from other countries .

term: impacting
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: impact
context 1: become especially debilitating , seriously impacting my personal and professional life
context 2: head . It ’s completely impacting my quality of life and
context 3: curious if no burp is impacting it ? I have been

term: studied
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: study
context 1: of the only doctors that studied and treats this . Everyone
context 2: be patient . I ’ve studied this pathology a lot .
context 3: pathology a lot . I studied many of the r- cpd

term: presented
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: present
context 1: being able to burp and presented him with a few papers
context 2: listened to me , I presented the facts and he was
context 3: no idea how . I presented the botox injection treatment for

term: aspects
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: aspect
context 1: out . I believe both aspects are important for our eventual
context 2: me . But the social aspects are n’t as bad as
context 3: your life ? What other aspects of your life have improved

term: realising
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: realise
context 1: realising how much of what I
context 2: after seeing this thread and realising there was a cure for
context 3: a bit fast . Especially realising that my first appt will

term: pros
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: pro
context 1: do ? what are the pros / cons ? how much
context 2: through what would happen , pros and cons etc and leave
context 3: even though im sure the pros heavily outweigh them and im

term: stools
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: stool
context 1: of Coeliac is “ floating stools ” . I experience this
context 2: caused by fat in the stools which has n’t been absorbed
context 3: gas / air in the stools which led me to wonder

term: Area
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: area
context 1: KP San Leandro , Bay Area ) and she confirmed the
context 2: help me in the Boston Area or the closest possible place
context 3: procedure . NYC / NJ Area . My employer offers a

term: connecting
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: connect
context 1: After reading this forum and connecting the dots , I found
context 2: came across one other post connecting not burping to frequent urination
context 3: brains been buzzing all night connecting the dots of my lack

term: finishing
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: finish
context 1: in between twice a day finishing it off with 30 neck
context 2: dry and I have trouble finishing what I was going to
context 3: A few months , after finishing a PhD in a lab

term: Uber
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: uber
context 1: Can I just take an Uber to a hotel and drive
context 2: route but decided to just Uber instead , which was $
context 3: bad that I decided to Uber home early from the wedding

term: Bad
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: bad
context 1: is n’t sore anymore . Bad news : everything else .
context 2: going to go down ! Bad choice of my own making
context 3: saliva and sour taste . Bad night felt close to being

term: Beer
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: beer
context 1: you guys heard of Nitro Beer ?
context 2: unhealthy but I found out Beer is very helpful for me
context 3: much more sanitary . 2. Beer Drinkers : Nitro stouts -

term: eliminated
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: eliminate
context 1: , these symptoms will be eliminated for good . I had
context 2: fizzy drinks . I recently eliminated gluten from my diet and
context 3: my diet and it 's eliminated the gurgling overnight . The

term: confused
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: confused
context 1: old gurgles ? I ’m confused why the botox is n’t
context 2: . I ’m so utterly confused . Before these episodes ,
context 3: , and everyone is still confused where all this mucus accumulation

term: mastered
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: master
context 1: ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/qna5cq/struggle_to_air_vomit/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) I 've successfully mastered the air vomit . But
context 2: control my burping and really mastered being able to make myself
context 3: week and I 've nearly mastered this - almost every time

term: forums
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: forum
context 1: I 've read about in forums . I 'm 29 years
context 2: lot of people on RCPD forums talk about having too much
context 3: spread awareness with magazines / forums etc . Thankyou☺ ️ [

term: attending
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: attend
context 1: in close office quarters and attending hour long meetings . And
context 2: doing something fun , like attending a sporting event , and
context 3: a phone consultation prior to attending the hospital ( Parkside Hospital

term: Guess
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: guess
context 1: being able to burp . Guess we get points for being
context 2: to skip it unfortunately . Guess we wo n't know for
context 3: being able to burp . Guess what ? Since the following

term: Royal
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: royal
context 1: as follows ; at Manchester Royal Infirmary with Dr Khawaja .
context 2: Dr. Kost office at the Royal Victoria hospital . She completely
context 3: Dr Jonathan Young at the Royal Victoria Hospital here in Montreal

term: surveys
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: survey
context 1: expected , with previous subreddit surveys ( [ 2016 ] (
context 2: community ! Note : These surveys are not scientific studies but
context 3: will consist of periodic email surveys about the procedure & my

term: Drs
frequency: 30
lemmatized_to: drs
context 1: of being dismissed by multiple Drs . I gave up on
context 2: . I gave up on Drs and have been able to
context 3: anyone have a list of Drs that will do the procedure

term: dozens
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: dozen
context 1: complete knowing that there are dozens of us ! Dozens !
context 2: I have thought to myself dozens of times that this is
context 3: echoey corridor in front of dozens of people and the school

term: Cigna
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: cigna
context 1: want to . I have Cigna insurance , I had already
context 2: , CA - I have Cigna insurance and I ’ve been
context 3: Issues with Cigna insurance coverage ?

term: Step
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: step
context 1: is fantastic . &#x200B ; Step 1 : When you feel
context 2: be open . &#x200B ; Step 2 : Take a medium
context 3: this step . &#x200B ; Step 3 : When you feel

term: hiccuping
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: hiccupe
context 1: me that ’s just me hiccuping on the floor for like
context 2: just wake up and start hiccuping . I notice they get
context 3: I would burp during the hiccuping , and once the hiccups

term: Hiccups
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: hiccup
context 1: 's pretty uncomfortable . * Hiccups are always pretty painful .
context 2: Hiccups , heartburn and shortness of
context 3: hiccups absolutely wreck me . Hiccups have been known to put

term: alternatives
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: alternative
context 1: decided to exhaust the cheaper alternatives first . I started doing
context 2: , i 'm searching for alternatives , that do n't hurt
context 3: I 've tried Tums and alternatives to those , but they

term: amazed
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: amaze
context 1: I 'm amazed this subreddit exists
context 2: sounds , and I was amazed by that ) , but
context 3: can remember ! I was amazed to find this subreddit and

term: challenges
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: challenge
context 1: the botox and encountered new challenges . A secondary purpose is
context 2: a psychotherapist ) . The challenges : 1 . It takes
context 3: i have extreme bloating and challenges doing almost anything ( to

term: intubated
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: intubate
context 1: in that area from being intubated 🤭 But here comes the
context 2: test . I ’ve been intubated a lot in my life
context 3: was a baby I was intubated for 3 or so weeks

term: overthinking
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: overthink
context 1: I might be overthinking things but I want to
context 2: about or am I just overthinking it ?
context 3: more likely I ’m just overthinking it Was going to buy

term: faces
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: face
context 1: to see each other ’s faces lol . Btw I still
context 2: Bean , these fountains with faces on them ( wait there
context 3: making all sorts of funny faces and weird explorations and combination

term: complaints
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: complaint
context 1: side , they heard the complaints of the bitterness of the
context 2: pretty quickly . My main complaints are pretty typical ; bloating
context 3: a habit of downplaying my complaints including re:RCPD ) and asked

term: antidepressants
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: antidepressant
context 1: has recommended use of mild antidepressants ( amitriptyline ) to help
context 2: I am severely depressed and antidepressants do n’t help anymore ,
context 3: I had to up my antidepressants because I was not in

term: Michigan
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: michigan
context 1: takes ( I am in Michigan , so US answers I
context 2: and ca n’t travel to Michigan . https://www.asge.org/home/for-patients/patient-information/understanding-eso-dilation-updated
context 3: procedure . I live in Michigan , so it would only

term: motivated
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: motivate
context 1: I ’m having trouble staying motivated to work out because I
context 2: method immediately , positive and motivated I can heal myself as
context 3: eaten before ! This really motivated me so i kept searching

term: Tritter
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: tritter
context 1: u / agtritter ! Dr. Tritter is in Houston if anyone
context 2: of botox yesterday from Dr. Tritter in Houston . The procedure
context 3: be curious to ask Dr. Tritter about it during my post

term: blamed
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: blame
context 1: about it as I just blamed my diet and just figured
context 2: relief - incidentally what I blamed for my hernia . I
context 3: Procedure , so many doctors blamed my no -burp on that

term: outcomes
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: outcome
context 1: have any good experiences / outcomes with her that they would
context 2: after seeing all the positive outcomes on here . One question
context 3: I know sometimes the negative outcomes can take up a lot

term: diseases
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: disease
context 1: or any other connective tissue diseases ?
context 2: know how these types of diseases could affect you " 🤣🤦‍♀
context 3: which are both not real diseases but rather a set or

term: MRI
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: mri
context 1: had a barium swallow and MRI , I 've had a
context 2: / throat scopes , an MRI , a sinus CT ,
context 3: have had a CT , MRI , endoscopy , colonoscopy ,

term: rolled
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: roll
context 1: some sort patch must 've rolled out ... it 's taken
context 2: Anyways the GI doc literally rolled her eyes and said “
context 3: 2019 . When my appointment rolled around , I had a

term: Lying
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: ly
context 1: 's any Medicare loophole ? Lying awake right now , like
context 2: way to stop Gurgling . Lying down for a period of
context 3: lite and low key . Lying on the ground in agony

term: H
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: h
context 1: the gas to escape " H ; " Why ? "
context 2: H; 👀 M ; 👀 H ; " I ca n't
context 3: it 's the case . H pylori is an extremely common

term: Dallas
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: dallas
context 1: Baylor Scott & White in Dallas in April. 80 units ,
context 2: speech therapist at BSW in Dallas after being referred by Dr.
context 3: - I live in the Dallas / Ft Worth area .

term: Seattle
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: seattle
context 1: at Dr. Villari in the Seattle area since I could drive
context 2: Washington ( maybe even near Seattle ! ) who knows what
context 3: Any more recent recommendations for Seattle ?

term: shot
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: shot
context 1: that seems like a long shot . Just wondering if anyone
context 2: . It is worth a shot to anyone who is unable
context 3: do power hours ( 1 shot of beer every minute )

term: digested
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: digest
context 1: my throat or not being digested properly . the reason why
context 2: stop until the air is digested . I 've heard people
context 3: but more like just partially digested food ) . is anyone

term: KNOW
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: know
context 1: , and then I 'd KNOW that the night was over
context 2: so bad . I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO ANYMORE gurgles
context 3: which is bull because I KNOW the Botox wo n’t decide

term: blades
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: blade
context 1: ( mostly between my shoulder blades ) which seems unreasonable haha
context 2: causes pain between my shoulder blades . Sometimes I 'll lay
context 3: Pain in between shoulder blades

term: Worst
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: bad
context 1: 2 minutes . Procedure - Worst part was that the nurse
context 2: sodas in 8th grade . Worst Idea ever
context 3: burped . Not once . Worst chest pain in my life

term: Water
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: water
context 1: semi - thick liquids . Water , on its own ,
context 2: are my best friend . Water fixes everything . Definitely having
context 3: to me right now . Water still fixes everything . Tonight

term: toes
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: toe
context 1: got all my fingers and toes crossed its on wards and
context 2: on your heels more than toes , so there is some
context 3: , then looking at my toes by pivoting at that same

term: hormones
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: hormone
context 1: due to Covid making my hormones go crazy , never again
context 2: . It also controls your hormones which apparently can affect your
context 3: . It also binds to hormones like cortisol and adrenaline ,

term: BTX
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: btx
context 1: tumor ) - Esophagoscopy injection BTX ( Botox ) to upper
context 2: OP ( 100 units of BTX ) and no burps
context 3: I regularly use botulinum toxin( BTX ) as part of their

term: thicker
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: thick
context 1: somewhat easily since it ’s thicker . I ca nt eat
context 2: or eat foods that are thicker , like a thick soup
context 3: Are you able to drink thicker consistency liquids without feeling full

term: acts
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: act
context 1: It ’s weird because it acts just like normal heartburn ,
context 2: noticed when my acid reflux acts up and my heartburn is
context 3: . The consistency of gaviscon acts as a suspension agent and

term: adults
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: adult
context 1: CP for years in older adults with dysphagia due to achalasia
context 2: patients may respond similarly to adults . https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35939873/
context 3: before , only teenagers and adults . So in january (

term: cheapest
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: cheap
context 1: entrepreneur and I have the cheapest healthcare possible so I do
context 2: am trying to find the cheapest option somewhere in the states
context 3: train — > Pro : cheapest option Con : extremely concerned

term: bugs
frequency: 29
lemmatized_to: bug
context 1: ’ve had a couple stomach bugs and I seem to have
context 2: ( my gut picks up bugs really easily ! ) .
context 3: time is also something that bugs me . I just want

term: Alcohol
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: alcohol
context 1: like I m dying : Alcohol , particularly sugar rich kinds
context 2: chaser ca n't handle . Alcohol ( wine ) makes me
context 3: ) - 4x Medicine / Alcohol / Drugs ( Nux Vomica

term: DID
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: here with bubble throat ? DID I HAVE A BREAKTHROUGH ????
context 2: in laughter exclaiming , " DID SOMEONE JUST THROW UP ?
context 3: referred to GI , who DID kinda look at me like

term: H.
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: h.
context 1: Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth : Negative H. Pylori : Negative Upper endoscopy
context 2: . I also had an H. pylori infection , but eradicating
context 3: Normal * Breath Test / H. pylori Test - Normal *

term: Secondly
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: secondly
context 1: success without the exercise . Secondly , when you feel a
context 2: SO PLEASE TAKE ADVANTAGE . Secondly , as of day 12
context 3: two weeks originally discussed . Secondly , in words of one

term: reminded
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: remind
context 1: is . Something I was reminded of the hard way earlier
context 2: ca n't burp and it reminded me of you all .
context 3: of that relaxation and pull reminded me of the few times

term: THANK
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: thank
context 1: , I 'd say . THANK YOU to all the people
context 2: * NOT * A BURP THANK YOU . ” I ’ve
context 3: about doing this one . THANK GOODNESS ! Hopefully this helps

term: applied
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: apply
context 1: the phone initially claimed was applied to my feet . After
context 2: and instead of relaxing I applied pressure . I visualize it
context 3: Peter Balafsky showed that traction applied to the cricoid opens up

term: TON
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: ton
context 1: ! I unfortunately have a TON of interaction with the American
context 2: ... I 'm having a TON of trouble swallowing ... Like
context 3: in the form of a TON of air in my stomach

term: ARE
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: they would say “ MAN ARE YOU OK ” After my
context 2: natural position , THE MUSCLES ARE NATURALLY GOING TO BE IN
context 3: HEY ! THOUSANDS OF MEMBERS ARE LOOKING FOR CASUAL SEX IN

term: tightened
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: tighten
context 1: feel like my chest has tightened . I ’m not sure
context 2: ’s like those muscles just tightened up for some reason like
context 3: situations the muscle that is tightened and is n’t letting you

term: heavier
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: heavy
context 1: slowly my eyes just felt heavier and heavier and then my
context 2: eyes just felt heavier and heavier and then my memory cut
context 3: year to seek relief after heavier meals . Of course I

term: funded
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: fund
context 1: so that this can be funded by the NHS !! This
context 2: treatment for this noburp condition funded by NHS , I will
context 3: Paul Paddle . Went self funded private to beat the 1

term: reminds
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: remind
context 1: out slowly and the sound reminds me when you slightly twist
context 2: abdominal muscles . The sensation reminds me of yawning , hard
context 3: " taste " of burps reminds me of the few ,

term: Too
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: too
context 1: problem my entire life . Too much soda or beer and
context 2: hurt is probably worse . Too sick to type more right
context 3: any sleep last night . Too wired , but feel great

term: Years
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: year
context 1: New Years Resolution
context 2: are you ? Months ? Years ? Give us all hope
context 3: a completely normal person . Years later , I am still

term: expanding
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: expand
context 1: mouth to the point of expanding the jaws and throat .
context 2: eat and feeling my throat expanding and contracting . I ’m
context 3: burp leading to a horrible expanding bubble feeling in my throat

term: whats
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: what
context 1: been trying to figure out whats wrong with me for ~
context 2: back but either it learns whats up or the botox has
context 3: they do not compare with whats happening today . The procedure

term: Scheduled
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: schedule
context 1: Procedure Scheduled in Baltimore
context 2: Scheduled Procedure with Voice Institute !
context 3: , etc. but nope ! Scheduled me for it and I

term: observations
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: observation
context 1: ; ** Some questions and observations for others who suddenly gained
context 2: learning how to burp observations - i drank a liter
context 3: just wanted to share some observations I 've made in this

term: killed
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: kill
context 1: events such as weddings about killed me off from the constant
context 2: lemonade and the carbonation almost killed me . I 'm so
context 3: no , I have n't killed anyone like that one girl

term: consumed
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: consume
context 1: carbonated ginger beer I 'd consumed ( over 2 litres )
context 2: After literally anything that is consumed . I live in Toronto
context 3: food / liquid you just consumed . On the rare occasion

term: Nexium
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: nexium
context 1: me on a cocktail of Nexium , and another Nexium -
context 2: of Nexium , and another Nexium - like drug ( the
context 3: day 5 of being on Nexium . Just wondering if anyone

term: sliding
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: slide
context 1: But now they have been sliding pass and dissipating in my
context 2: procedure , they found a sliding hiatal hernia in my stomach
context 3: they confirmed I have a sliding hiatus hernia . For those

term: Id
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: id
context 1: worse until this past year Id say has been unbearable -
context 2: frequently when i burp . Id never tasted a burp so
context 3: me today so I thought Id take my frustration out with

term: shaped
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: shape
context 1: genetically my entire family is shaped like igor , with giant
context 2: epiglottis ( the leaf - shaped flap in the throat that
context 3: . We got a wedge shaped pillow so she could sleep

term: Wanted
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: want
context 1: Wanted to say hello to fellow
context 2: obviously not a doctor . Wanted to see if these experiences
context 3: Wanted to share some progress and

term: flavored
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: flavor
context 1: I had was peach ice flavored . i 've burped since
context 2: like workout - drink - flavored air every now and again
context 3: burping . 1. applying heavily flavored / scented lip balms -

term: WA
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: wa
context 1: Currently live in WA and and looking to have
context 2: I live in Tacoma , WA and found Dr. Craig Villari
context 3: afternoon with Dr. Villari ( WA state ) but just nervous

term: sinuses
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: sinus
context 1: in my throat where my sinuses meet the esophagus , maybe
context 2: the botox messed with my sinuses ? I 'll be curious
context 3: so long , constantly blocked sinuses , re-occurring chest pain (

term: siblings
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: sibling
context 1: child , DAE make their siblings / friends reach them how
context 2: genetic ? Anybody else have siblings who ca n’t burp ?
context 3: mom and one of my siblings has it too . I

term: EVER
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: ever
context 1: never . I just never EVER burped ... and it did
context 2: call back . No one EVER called me back . Each
context 3: signs !! i have never EVER burped after drinking soda til

term: microburped
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: microburp
context 1: the rare occasions I have microburped were accidentally during a hiccup
context 2: to thank God after I microburped last Wednesday after tons of
context 3: n't think I 've even microburped – but I 'm aware

term: spots
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: spot
context 1: she could find the right spots ( two injection sites for
context 2: the shots injected in 3 spots I was told ) ,
context 3: , injected in 4 different spots in the upper esophageal muscle

term: Paris
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: paris
context 1: Botox in France - Paris
context 2: cabinet le 27 février à Paris et la déglutition lente est
context 3: : new practitioner ! ( Paris )

term: earliest
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: early
context 1: probably tomorrow night at the earliest . Feeling really hopeful that
context 2: , Dr. Hoesli had the earliest availability so I booked with
context 3: exaggeration but some of my earliest memories were my mother forcing

term: sans
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: san
context 1: Bloating sans bubbles
context 2: peux rien avaler de solide sans boire de l'eau , j'espère
context 3: l’impression que c’est un cercle sans fin vu que je ravale

term: O'Dell
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: o'dell
context 1: Great experience with Dr. O'Dell and outcome of Premera Blue
context 2: my experience with Dr. Karla O'Dell in Los Angeles because it
context 3: later heard of Dr. Karla O'Dell in LA who was actually

term: J'ai
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: j'ai
context 1: Bonjour à tous , J'ai eu ma première injection de
context 2: dans la même situation . J'ai découvert que je souffrais de
context 3: de réaliser cette procédure . J'ai trouvé sur ce subreddit le

term: latest
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: late
context 1: , endoscopies , and the latest trial today ( 4 hrs
context 2: by them ! At the latest , start doing them at
context 3: to help . And my latest experience at a ENT who

term: Through
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: through
context 1: from a young age . Through a lot of hard work
context 2: trying at the time . Through heavy trial and error developing
context 3: coming into your mouth . Through the slow process , you

term: HOW
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: how
context 1: now : &nbsp ; ** HOW TO GAG ** Two ways
context 2: still living a life ... HOW why are my symptoms so
context 3: problem . ​ GUIDE : HOW I SOLVED THE PROBLEM Desperation

term: services
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: service
context 1: are responsible for deciding what services to provide in the area
context 2: a strawberry thickshake at the services , sadly McDonald ’s was
context 3: CCGs use to pay for services . I 've sent them

term: Lower
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: lower
context 1: Upper bioposy x 2 Colon Lower biopsy x 3 Bloods More
context 2: anyone else experience this ? Lower down my throat where the
context 3: which I think means the Lower Esophageal Sphincter ( LES )

term: MS
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: ms
context 1: and I am pursuing an MS in Speech - Language Pathology
context 2: I was diagnosed with MS a couple months ago .
context 3: it was caused by an MS flare , but I ’m

term: Yakubu
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: yakubu
context 1: - botox diary ( Mr Yakubu Karagama , UK )
context 2: had the procedure with Mr Yakubu Karagama , at BMI Blackheath
context 3: Hospital , Cheadle , Mr Yakubu Karagama has treated a young

term: commenting
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: comment
context 1: link to this page before commenting was locked . I ca
context 2: things on the posting and commenting end , but things have
context 3: this post after two weeks commenting on what your trigger foods

term: Tampa
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: tampa
context 1: Dr. Abdel - Aty in Tampa ) . Ca n't wait
context 2: came across USF Heath in Tampa . Dr. Yassmeen Abdel -
context 3: The doctor is located in Tampa , Florida .

term: Rubin
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: rubin
context 1: my consultation scheduled with Dr. Rubin at Lakeshore ENT in St.
context 2: on 2/8/2021 with Dr. Adam Rubin out of St. Clair Shores
context 3: , MI : Dr. Adam Rubin - Lakeshore ENT - source

term: Bay
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: bay
context 1: ( KP San Leandro , Bay Area ) and she confirmed
context 2: for non-Kaiser folks in the Bay Area after I get the
context 3: at NorCal Kaiser ( East Bay )

term: facts
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: fact
context 1: me , I presented the facts and he was like alright
context 2: IT IS : The following facts support coverage of Botox to
context 3: something based on science and facts . At the same time

term: advocating
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: advocate
context 1: so proud of myself for advocating for my needs and taking
context 2: as a significant amount of advocating for my own post -
context 3: people in my life are advocating for ? i ’m like

term: Recovery
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: recovery
context 1: Burping Recovery Bible - SUCCESS post (
context 2: units on the 1st . Recovery was easy , almost too
context 3: 20 - 30 minutes . Recovery throughout the day was relatively

term: measured
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: measure
context 1: listened to electric pulses , measured and then made the injection
context 2: I measured my belly last night and
context 3: with a nurse . She measured my blood pressure , temperature

term: rises
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: rise
context 1: and sometimes undigested food , rises back up the esophagus and
context 2: neck / esophagus area and rises in the form of a
context 3: , in this case it rises in the form of a

term: Sphincter
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: sphincter
context 1: think means the Lower Esophageal Sphincter ( LES ) does n't
context 2: has paralyzed my Upper Esophageal Sphincter ( UES ) , my
context 3: that was my Upper Esophageal Sphincter ( UES ) , with

term: lighter
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: light
context 1: literally feel like 10 pounds lighter afterward . Obviously this is
context 2: I felt less bloated and lighter and was hopeful that it
context 3: burps , makes you feel lighter burps , orgasmic burps .

term: GOOD
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: good
context 1: , and I felt SO GOOD afterwards ! Since then I
context 2: 10 min YOGA ROUTINE FOR GOOD POSTURE ] ( https://youtu.be/k175GYx-F9Y) I
context 3: the water , this is GOOD ) . It will probably

term: washing
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: wash
context 1: in my throat and even washing it down with water does
context 2: and they had a hand washing system and masks in place
context 3: standing over the bathroom sink washing my hands when I went

term: Several
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: several
context 1: decision to get surgery . Several weeks later , and now
context 2: my throat into burping . Several months after the procedure ,
context 3: the shaker exersize . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGkgiC6nZyc Several months after doing the shaker

term: Doc
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: doc
context 1: with . My primary care Doc is a good friend ,
context 2: 're reading this , hi Doc ! :)
context 3: which is n’t surprising . Doc insists I have “ no

term: proved
frequency: 28
lemmatized_to: prove
context 1: symptoms on the internet has proved worthy . Secondly , anyone
context 2: me for a scan which proved that I could n't burp
context 3: relatively strangled burps , but proved to be the escaping of

term: tightens
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: tighten
context 1: at the most before it tightens up again . Is this
context 2: and then my upper sphincter tightens and the gas goes back
context 3: breathing changes and my stomach tightens , as soon as I

term: Ensure
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: ensure
context 1: I 've also been drinking Ensure because it 's good stuff
context 2: somehow burp with liquids like Ensure ? But not all the
context 3: it , and mixed an Ensure shake with milk and heavy

term: purposes
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: purpose
context 1: for all other intents and purposes , is almost impossible to
context 2: smoke marijuana occasionally for recreational purposes . i 'm not sure
context 3: same botox injection for other purposes countless times . I showed

term: Somehow
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: somehow
context 1: I found this sub . Somehow , knowing there are so
context 2: burp . *** Edit : Somehow I have been able to
context 3: there ’s a cure ! Somehow everything started to make sense

term: City
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: city
context 1: estate agent in New York City , and a 100 %
context 2: Breanne Schiffer ( Salt Lake City , UT ) - Successful
context 3: Dr. Straub I ’m Kansas City !! This could literally be

term: rejected
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: reject
context 1: my claim to be immediately rejected . I have n't been
context 2: regarding botox only to be rejected , and usually employ the
context 3: burp come up and get rejected in upper chest , where

term: Finland
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: finland
context 1: who knows this condition in Finland . I feel like I
context 2: Procedure in Finland
context 3: do the botox treatment in Finland or Sweden ?

term: NOTHING
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: nothing
context 1: . A couple days is NOTHING compared to the relief I
context 2: for it to amount to NOTHING . I ca n’t afford
context 3: get air out . And NOTHING worked . I did try

term: Heartburn
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: heartburn
context 1: Many of you may experience Heartburn caused by stomach acid backing
context 2: which will give me instant Heartburn . When I get heartburn
context 3: Gravol does n't work . Heartburn meds do n't work .

term: bloats
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: bloat
context 1: already just half a liter bloats me so much I ca
context 2: with GI issues . He bloats horribly . Wakes up and
context 3: I the only one that bloats without drinking bubbles ?

term: Sit
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: sit
context 1: feel a bit weird . Sit up and wait 30 seconds
context 2: discovered it by accident . Sit up / stand up with
context 3: burpy in this position . Sit at a table and put

term: YOUR
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: your
context 1: the tennis ball . AVOID YOUR SPINE !!!! Things we seem
context 2: LOOKING FOR CASUAL SEX IN YOUR NEIGHBOURHOOD ! PjC
context 3: LOT THAT CAN WORK ON YOUR PROBLEM . EDIT : I

term: returns
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: return
context 1: of relief before the croaking returns . This is just a
context 2: my inability to burp immediately returns . The bloating and chest
context 3: up too soon the gurgling returns , but a lot less

term: Vomit
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: vomit
context 1: , and then 2 ) Vomit everything else out . It
context 2: Failing to Air Vomit
context 3: always practiced the " Air Vomit " technique to relieve the

term: alleviated
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: alleviate
context 1: symptoms have been almost entirely alleviated ! I 'm not sure
context 2: small burp came out which alleviated the discomfort for like 2
context 3: experiences like this that were alleviated with the surgery ? I

term: Flatulence
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: flatulence
context 1: has completely gone away . Flatulence has gotten better but i
context 2: mostly expelling gurgles tbh . Flatulence reduced by around 60 %
context 3: used to managing it . Flatulence has been cut , I

term: debating
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: debate
context 1: gurgles . If your are debating on whether you should get
context 2: ) After a lot of debating ( I have anxiety /
context 3: I ’ve been debating whether or not to get

term: tomatoes
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: tomato
context 1: , stuff like coffee and tomatoes . And just volume of
context 2: beans , acidic foods , tomatoes , spicy food , dairy
context 3: help : * Eat less tomatoes / tomato sauces * Eat

term: awaiting
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: await
context 1: 'm currently at the airport awaiting my flight home . UPDATE
context 2: doctor ! I am anxiously awaiting to feel what " normal
context 3: in for Botox and anxiously awaiting the big day . I

term: expands
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: expand
context 1: is probably because the Air expands when you are coming back
context 2: deeply so that my diaphragm expands , I sit up straight
context 3: stomach and digestive system often expands when you fly because of

term: Their
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: their
context 1: in a comparable situation ? Their office billing dept was kinda
context 2: Else " Whistle " From Their Throat ??
context 3: out a large burp . Their point was made , so

term: Constant
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: constant
context 1: every bite or sip . Constant loud gurgling is my norm
context 2: Constant mouth watering
context 3: First experiences of relief . Constant escaping air through eating ,

term: checks
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: check
context 1: had a stress test and checks on my heart which all
context 2: the botox procedure if everything checks out . I know it
context 3: , and after all the checks ( height / weight /

term: Learning
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: learning
context 1: comment pls ) 2 . Learning the mechanics of burping For
context 2: the day . 3 ) Learning to air vomit during meals
context 3: 've got the secrets ! Learning to burp was scary and

term: Ormond
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: ormond
context 1: child been treated in Great Ormond Street Hospital for inability to
context 2: is getting treated at Great Ormond Street Hospital on NHS .
context 3: on the NHS at Great Ormond Street Hospital in London (

term: bones
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: bone
context 1: two fingers between the two bones at the base of my
context 2: I know it in my bones . I have had it
context 3: ( just below your collar bones ) . You 'll want

term: questioning
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: question
context 1: everyone , I 've been questioning in many threads regarding this
context 2: drastically . If you are questioning whether or not to go
context 3: watching from the sidelines and questioning if you should go ..

term: GasX
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: gasx
context 1: to help these issues ?? GasX can help a bit ,
context 2: few hours . Taking a GasX does n’t really do much
context 3: before your event . 3. GasX , Pepcid , Pepto several

term: British
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: british
context 1: seriously . Has anyone in British Columbia , Canada , had
context 2: ( 2021 - 2023 ) British Laryngological Association c/o ENT UK
context 3: year of trying to use British Columbian medical to work my

term: HOWEVER
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: however
context 1: n’t been absorbed properly . HOWEVER it can also be caused
context 2: just make louder gurgles . HOWEVER it seems turning your head
context 3: patients from other countries . HOWEVER . I reached out to

term: reacts
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: react
context 1: test to see how one reacts to Botox . There is
context 2: to see how my throat reacts to it . I 'm
context 3: sphincter to see how it reacts because she believed that this

term: efforts
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: effort
context 1: comes out despite my best efforts to suppress it . Or
context 2: it ’s thanks to your efforts and information - sharing that
context 3: anyone accidentally puked in their efforts to burp ? I really

term: Shakers
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: shaker
context 1: : * Be patient * Shakers until you start getting microburps
context 2: methods : ** - 10x Shakers exercise - 5 x Focusing
context 3: ; https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/oiqfnd/no_botox_no_more_noburp/ How ? : Shakers Summary : - Be patient

term: Whether
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: whether
context 1: luck on your journey . Whether through surgery or through practice
context 2: when I was travelling . Whether by bus or a plane
context 3: esophagus to no avail . Whether it was pushing my stomach

term: Quebec
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: quebec
context 1: Botox doctor in Quebec Canada ?
context 2: find a Botox doctor in Quebec ?
context 3: I am from Montreal , Quebec and I wanted to share

term: BAD
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: bad
context 1: be able to burp SO BAD because I 'm so bloated
context 2: my head HURT SO FREAKING BAD I lost some weight too
context 3: I have the throat gurgles BAD . I have gurgling attacks

term: German
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: german
context 1: trying to befriend a stray German Shepherd . Day 20 :
context 2: a well - known traditional German bar . For reasons that
context 3: brass band was playing traditional German music . We were greeted

term: lowest
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: low
context 1: try and practice making the lowest growl that you can .
context 2: . I ate only the lowest FODMAP foods . Everything I
context 3: brought me down to my lowest points . i ’d have

term: WAS
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: Hi , guys . I WAS able to burp all my
context 2: everyone had . WELL IT WAS N'T . It never bothered
context 3: days I burped and BOY WAS IT AWESOME had no nausea

term: remained
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: remain
context 1: automatically and such . Everything remained the same . This was
context 2: to swallow , but it remained fine ; * Day 3
context 3: were had , and gurgles remained throughout the day . Edit

term: begging
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: begg
context 1: showing that the air is begging to get out of my
context 2: insurance . I ’ve been begging to see a specialist for
context 3: So starting at the begging of August I started to

term: laughs
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: laugh
context 1: a partner who accepts and laughs with me about it .
context 2: noburb condition my family just laughs at me . How do
context 3: hiccup and everyone at work laughs at me and makes the

term: BS
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: bs
context 1: Thanks for listening to my BS science . It works for
context 2: this stuff i presented is BS
context 3: , her statement was complete BS . [ View Poll ]

term: congratulations
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: congratulation
context 1: - op and burping , congratulations . It sounds like you
context 2: people here ! Welcome and congratulations on finding the community !
context 3: Yesssssss congratulations !!!!

term: sweets
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: sweet
context 1: amount of drinking / party sweets and i can consume waaay
context 2: * Pasta * Sugar / sweets / confectionary * Cake *
context 3: Do you find that certain sweets make it worse ?

term: lesser
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: less
context 1: in one sitting , eat lesser but frequently . 4 .
context 2: still occurring just at a lesser rate . When did your
context 3: , sky diving or anything lesser but still taking in air

term: established
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: establish
context 1: , has there been an established reason for this condition ,
context 2: As most of us have established , there appears to be
context 3: a baby . I have established that the reason for me

term: connections
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: connection
context 1: I saw he has close connections with from his co-author papers
context 2: apnea , if someone knows connections between this and sleep apnea
context 3: . I started making the connections -- I was a non-burper

term: Hmm
frequency: 27
lemmatized_to: hmm
context 1: Hmm — maybe microburps , as
context 2: Hmm , I 'll have to
context 3: Hmm . Where I come from

term: MORE
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: more
context 1: cause I CANNOT TAKE ANY MORE OF THIS . Ohhhh my
context 2: . but i was even MORE surprised to see that id
context 3: . This exercise becomes even MORE valuable if you perform it

term: Abdominal
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: abdominal
context 1: or negative ! - Me- Abdominal & pelvic ultrasound : Fine
context 2: noises 3 . Neck or Abdominal pain 4 . Abdominal distension
context 3: or Abdominal pain 4 . Abdominal distension or excessive flatulence Exclusion

term: Pylori
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: pylori
context 1: Bacterial Overgrowth : Negative H. Pylori : Negative Upper endoscopy :
context 2: for me was an H Pylori breath test and an upcoming
context 3: test to check for H. Pylori . I ’m a little

term: Belch
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: belch
context 1: sufferer of Dysfunction of the Belch Reflex ( or , as
context 2: to do a traditional sounding Belch but pleased with progress !
context 3: about the Dysfunction of the Belch Reflex !

term: learns
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: learn
context 1: theoretically * that the body learns to burp , howeve*r practical
context 2: much back but either it learns whats up or the botox
context 3: that your body re -" learns " ( or just "

term: distracted
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: distract
context 1: noticed that when I 'm distracted , such as when I
context 2: Hoesli held my hand and distracted me while the nurse did
context 3: as bad when I ’m distracted , so maybe my anxiety

term: concluded
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: conclude
context 1: or whatever until they finally concluded that I had Celiac ’s
context 2: instant relief . I had concluded that I felt nauseous because
context 3: surprisingly , the doctor there concluded that I had no issues

term: boys
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: boy
context 1: drinks . So all the boys got back and started doing
context 2: , and then the big boys . For those who have
context 3: burps ( think middle school boys ) and today I was

term: complained
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: complain
context 1: I ’ve complained about all of these symptoms
context 2: the student next to me complained about me " making a
context 3: super loud . He had complained of pressure ( air )

term: proceeded
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: proceed
context 1: symptoms I suffered and then proceeded to place a camera through
context 2: and got drunk and then proceeded to eat taco bell (
context 3: . Anyways . I then proceeded to have hiccups on and

term: joking
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: joke
context 1: people they think I ’m joking or lying or that it
context 2: long . Like I was joking around with one of my
context 3: all my friends think im joking and make fun of me

term: Care
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: care
context 1: Offering Companion Care for Dr. Bastian ’s procedure
context 2: Department of Health and Social Care myself next . In the
context 3: California Department of Managed Health Care has precedent for overturning a

term: West
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: west
context 1: Please ! I live in West Palm Beach FL and I
context 2: , I m located in West Virginia and found a Clinic
context 3: Hello ! I am from West Virginia , and I am

term: ONE
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: one
context 1: GRIMES IS ONE OF US ! NO BURP
context 2: but effects wore off at ONE WEEK WHYYYYYYYY so going to
context 3: — — — UPDATE AT ONE MONTH — — — —

term: encountered
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: encounter
context 1: have had the botox and encountered new challenges . A secondary
context 2: when I was driving and encountered the smell of skunk roadkill
context 3: heartburn instead ... Has anyone encountered this too ? Not really

term: De
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: de
context 1: De -romanticizing the Botox Procedure
context 2: De 6 maanden is niet waar
context 3: tweede keer 100 units . De eerste keer 75 of 80

term: downing
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: down
context 1: quickly eating a burger and downing some cider . I wish
context 2: teenage boy stuff . After downing a Nalgene , my friend
context 3: . This one was after downing 220 mL of fizzy water

term: vitamins
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: vitamin
context 1: anyone have any recommendations on vitamins or over - the -
context 2: able to take medication and vitamins after . Can you swallow
context 3: most trouble with . The vitamins and capsules like to get

term: recommending
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: recommend
context 1: the shaker exercises people were recommending and tried to do them
context 2: ’s it . He ’s recommending OR but I ’m very
context 3: " Be careful " when recommending air vomit .. is this

term: experimented
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: experiment
context 1: and I have never really experimented with the ' fingers in
context 2: last few years I ve experimented a lot with drinking and
context 3: curious if anyone else has experimented with either SSRIs ( anti

term: involving
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: involve
context 1: ' - an unpleasant exercise involving my fingers and forcing myself
context 2: , and a swallow test involving a camera up the nose
context 3: anything medical like this especially involving needles are very difficult for

term: drawing
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: draw
context 1: to realise is that its drawing air from the stomach passage
context 2: i ended up just somehow drawing more air in which was
context 3: to force it I am drawing more air into my stomach

term: cues
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: cue
context 1: burp . My brother 's cues were the most helpful to
context 2: body has no idea what cues actually signal trouble , so
context 3: as I tried different position cues . The rest of the

term: discussions
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: discussion
context 1: Botox experiences and seeing continued discussions about other traits we share
context 2: was interesting to see the discussions . Well . my original
context 3: not used to do medical discussions with strangers . Also I

term: revealed
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: reveal
context 1: I had manometry done which revealed egjoo and hypertensive UES but
context 2: asking if my previous endoscopy revealed any dysphagia , to which
context 3: diagnoses : Poop . It revealed an extreme lack of certain

term: shrugged
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: shrugg
context 1: to burp . I always shrugged it off as nothing ,
context 2: ) family doctor he just shrugged it off . Just thinking
context 3: ( or maybe just subconsciously shrugged it off ) . That

term: angles
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: angle
context 1: both ways and at different angles , having someone whack my
context 2: setting your body on weird angles . If you do it
context 3: , but I found some angles to be very uncomfortable on

term: km
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: kilometer
context 1: was manageable for about 15 km ( 9 miles ? )
context 2: years ) and got a km of relief . I still
context 3: ) , during an 82 km mountain walk where I suffered

term: cooked
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: cook
context 1: make breakfast smoothies out of cooked oats / other cereals with
context 2: pizza for lunch , perfectly cooked , everything right . Buuuuuut
context 3: some advice or am I cooked ?

term: SUPER
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: super
context 1: these past few weeks . SUPER sad about this . My
context 2: my life . I am SUPER interested in getting the Botox
context 3: cured ” . And im SUPER willing to chat with people

term: LA
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: la
context 1: of Dr. Karla O'Dell in LA who was actually way closer
context 2: 2 - 3hrs depending on LA traffic ) . I am
context 3: on a plane back to LA . On the way to

term: adds
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: add
context 1: a dragon but sometimes it adds air to my stomach so
context 2: ) and this condition just adds onto it , when I
context 3: till it goes down and adds to the pain in my

term: skipped
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: skip
context 1: affect the heart ( “ skipped ” heartbeats , high blood
context 2: take everything else . I skipped out on college this year
context 3: after surgery , specifically the skipped beat PVC type ? I

term: signals
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: signal
context 1: the chest constantly sends distress signals to the brain . In
context 2: to notice my body 's signals a lot easier . Without
context 3: ** What were the small signals **? Initially , in the

term: abnormalities
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: abnormality
context 1: mucosa with No significant histological abnormalities ’ 4 . ⁠‘ Pieces
context 2: squamous epithelium showing no significant abnormalities ’ 5 . ⁠‘ Three
context 3: duodenal mucosa showing no significant abnormalities There is normal villous architecture

term: Denver
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: denver
context 1: Denver no - burpers !
context 2: anyone recommend a Dr in Denver that is familiar with R
context 3: found a Dr in the Denver area that is familiar with

term: bananas
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: banana
context 1: . I 've eaten 3 bananas today without realizing what agonizing
context 2: . I ‘ve found that bananas are my best friend ,
context 3: can only eat oatmeal , bananas , bread , some peanut

term: gulping
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: gulp
context 1: that there is no " gulping . " The food gets
context 2: , but I sure am gulping down a lot of soup
context 3: day is far better than gulping a ton of water before

term: accustomed
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: accustom
context 1: words , he quickly became accustomed to me complaining of pain
context 2: this . As you grow accustomed to the gagging practice ,
context 3: : the doctor is not accustomed with RCPD i just pointed

term: pints
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: pint
context 1: to throw up after 8 pints then I would have the
context 2: my friends will all drink pints of beer and be fine
context 3: I can usually handle 3 pints fine , discounting the horrendous

term: micro-burps
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: micro-burp
context 1: : lots and lots of micro-burps . Every time I yawn
context 2: when botox goes from random micro-burps to normal burping ** &#x200B
context 3: had what I would call micro-burps whenever I yawn . They

term: Talking
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: talk
context 1: turtle into its shell . Talking more than a few sentences
context 2: a much better recovery . Talking hurt at first but the
context 3: eat even more slowly . Talking in - between eating will

term: emotions
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: emotion
context 1: stone when it comes to emotions but I am getting emotional
context 2: and feeling so many different emotions . It 's so nice
context 3: off is a rollercoaster of emotions and thoughts . I 'm

term: acted
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: act
context 1: sort itself out unless I acted fast . After 15 minutes
context 2: beyond impressed , and I acted like a maniac in excitement
context 3: of RCPD was that it acted like a governor to my

term: doubled
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: double
context 1: . * The doctor has doubled my Proton Pump Inhibitors (
context 2: , I 've not been doubled over in pain from bloating
context 3: the point where I 'm doubled over with pain . That

term: appeared
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: appear
context 1: me in amazement as it appeared I had just experienced my
context 2: small portions now and they appeared less and less - one
context 3: and regurgitation still have not appeared as symptoms . Still planning

term: forming
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: form
context 1: when I can feel one forming is something my partner taught
context 2: I ’ll start feeling bubbles forming , and I ’ll either
context 3: no avail . I am forming my own business right now

term: applying
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: apply
context 1: things trigger burping . 1. applying heavily flavored / scented lip
context 2: . Did you microburp when applying pressure ? Sometimes I have
context 3: my trachea and is slow applying pressure . I never get

term: Melissa
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: melissa
context 1: 8 -9** I talked to Melissa at BVI for a check
context 2: Dr. Melissa Mortensen - Welch is an
context 3: - Has anyone else seen Melissa Mortensen at Albany med in

term: laxatives
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: laxative
context 1: was fine . Being prescribed laxatives off and on for a
context 2: I ’ve been forced on laxatives that seem to be making
context 3: does n't respond well to laxatives or diet ?

term: tools
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: tool
context 1: ... And are there any tools or tricks that helped you
context 2: been one of the strongest tools for me . So I
context 3: he can use very small tools in the procedure tomorrow .

term: Sanagapalli
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: sanagapalli
context 1: at SVAS ** Dr Santosh Sanagapalli ** ( actually a Gastroenterologist
context 2: ’m going through Dr Santosh Sanagapalli in Sydney . Him and
context 3: for Botox with Dr Santosh Sanagapalli and I wanted to share

term: estimated
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: estimate
context 1: whole thing for me was estimated at over 100K . That
context 2: schedule the procedure . He estimated that I ’d be able
context 3: from the clinic saying the estimated cost is € 2440 (

term: Use
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: use
context 1: burps ** ** NOTE :** Use this guide when you ’re
context 2: Little Throat Demon and Drug Use . My final thoughts ...
context 3: Forgot about my carotid . Use caution when looking at your

term: wider
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: wide
context 1: your intestines making the passage wider and thus increasing the width
context 2: . He confirmed it was wider / bloated which confirmed air
context 3: night i 'm 6 feet wider than i am in the

term: chasing
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: chase
context 1: food , I am still chasing every single bite with water
context 2: a while and require " chasing " food with drink if
context 3: personal Pizza hut pizza , chasing every bite with water .

term: CPM
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: cpm
context 1: the Botox injections in the CPM many times for people with
context 2: the the cricopharyngeus muscle ( CPM ) for both diagnosis and
context 3: into the cricopharyngeus muscle ( CPM ) is nothing new in

term: IF
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: if
context 1: . YOU MUST HAVE HOPE IF YOU RECOGNIZE SMALL POSITIVE SIGNS
context 2: THE REFERRAL WOULD BE DENIED IF A LOT OF THINGS ARE
context 3: commitments lol 3 . EVEN IF your insurance covers it (

term: 20's
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: 20s
context 1: in the beginning of my 20's . I began to feel
context 2: years . In my late 20's the symptoms reappeared slowly .
context 3: to burp online since my 20's . Eventually discovered the no

term: CPT
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: cpt
context 1: condition or procedure or the CPT codes used so that it
context 2: me your bills or any CPT codes to figure this shit
context 3: best I had was a CPT code for the surgery ,

term: investigations
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: investigation
context 1: I had a series of investigations over the Summer to explore
context 2: background , I had some investigations done when I was 16
context 3: experiences of completely normal GI investigations and no medications helping ,

term: BT
frequency: 26
lemmatized_to: bt
context 1: duration of therapeutic benefit of BT injection for laryngeal dystonia is
context 2: who match the syndrome , BT injection of the CPM can
context 3: - nosis was validated by BT injection in all 51 of

term: matched
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: match
context 1: understood that the listed symptoms matched my own . He explained
context 2: and upon further research I matched with basically every single symptom
context 3: I have and it perfectly matched R - CPD . For

term: Ear
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: ear
context 1: James E. Kuderer , DO Ear , Nose & Throat Park
context 2: Ear fluttering
context 3: worse than COVID ) - Ear popped and the usual fix

term: expelling
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: expel
context 1: they would witness my horrific expelling of gas , following almost
context 2: taking in air rather than expelling it when my throat makes
context 3: where I seemed to be expelling all air constantly , and

term: greatest
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: great
context 1: it 's kind of the greatest — instant relief ! However
context 2: command and it ’s the greatest thing ever to get that
context 3: a good time . The greatest moment , which I know

term: Neither
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: neither
context 1: been able to burp . Neither of us have ever been
context 2: than it was before . Neither thought it was likely I
context 3: climbing , and talking . Neither one thought it would be

term: Thinking
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: think
context 1: think I can anymore . Thinking that I could actually improve
context 2: quitting all carbonated drinks ? Thinking of trying it out ,
context 3: ( did n’t ) . Thinking of going to a gastroenterologist

term: Southern
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: southern
context 1: I am from Namibia , Southern Africa . I have only
context 2: Any doctors in Southern California ?
context 3: Bastian ’s treatment down in Southern California ?

term: Africa
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: africa
context 1: am from Namibia , Southern Africa . I have only recently
context 2: been searching for specialists throughout Africa and Asia , but it
context 3: satisfied with my attempts in Africa / Asia , I 'll

term: salivating
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: salivate
context 1: typically culminate in my mouth salivating followed by several violent dry
context 2: I had gurgles , the salivating , nausea , all that
context 3: next 7 hours croaking and salivating w nausea 😵‍ 💫

term: relates
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: relate
context 1: really ridiculous and no one relates at all but that ’s
context 2: , no idea if this relates . Just wondering .
context 3: have something that kind of relates to this niche . Around

term: overwhelmed
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: overwhelm
context 1: force down your throat is overwhelmed by the pressure coming the
context 2: for this group . Just overwhelmed with joy . I hope
context 3: bed . I 'm so overwhelmed right now .

term: Better
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: good
context 1: it better to sip ? Better to fill the mouth up
context 2: you have ever spent . Better than any material object .
context 3: it make it worse ? Better in the long run ?

term: exhaling
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: exhal
context 1: well . &#x200B ; The exhaling part was the final step
context 2: trying to work on not exhaling and turning my head ,
context 3: small amount of time , exhaling more often both during and

term: figures
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: figure
context 1: , but once your body figures out how to burp ,
context 2: 'd like some ball park figures if possible lol Thanks !
context 3: and talking about Star Wars figures . 2/6/2022 : Small but

term: ai
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: I said yes but it ai n’t coming out !!!!!!!🤦‍♂️🤬 Not
context 2: My old gurgles and pains ai n’t got nothing on what
context 3: 's my rant . Grass ai n't always greener . I

term: Ended
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: end
context 1: Ended up at the ER last
context 2: Irvine a year ago . Ended up not being covered by
context 3: manageable . June 2023 - Ended up in the ER again

term: pressed
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: press
context 1: to the side and quickly pressed on my gag reflex while
context 2: the built - up pressure pressed up directly below it .
context 3: idea and would be hard pressed to induce it myself .

term: emails
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: email
context 1: what was going on and emails from Dr Karagama confirming he
context 2: I taught myself . My emails with Dr. Bastian .
context 3: English , of the [ emails ] ( https://imgur.com/gallery/80zySch) I exchanged

term: retching
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: retch
context 1: my own wedding had me retching up air by the end
context 2: I actually ended up just retching air - has that happened
context 3: up . I would be retching over and over and small

term: Mayo
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: mayo
context 1: El próximo 12 de Mayo hago 2 meses desde mi
context 2: get a consultation with the Mayo Clinic . The Mayo Clinic
context 3: the Mayo Clinic . The Mayo Clinic doctor thinks I have

term: practising
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: practise
context 1: your nose is good while practising it for the first times
context 2: I just had n’t been practising very often , and as
context 3: as soon as I started practising again I discovered I could

term: absorbed
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: absorb
context 1: that 's in sodas is absorbed more in the intestines than
context 2: nitrogen which does not get absorbed , the remaining gas is
context 3: oxygen and it gets easily absorbed in intestines . carbon dioxide

term: En
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: en
context 1: sido increíble haberlos encontrado ! En español no hay ningún foro
context 2: En yoghurt ? Of soep ?
context 3: revenu à un an ! En ce moment ça va bien

term: offices
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: office
context 1: in and out of GP offices most of my life with
context 2: Verma 's . When her offices put in a new request
context 3: are dealing with 3 different offices , traveling ( if you

term: limiting
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: limit
context 1: reduced TREMENDOUSLY . I was limiting my social life and especially
context 2: all the time , and limiting my diet as much as
context 3: given up fizzy drinks and limiting alcohol - wine is the

term: quantities
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: quantity
context 1: and consuming them in great quantities over the course of around
context 2: , released air in various quantities ( usually small ) 15
context 3: very small bites and small quantities of food , and feel

term: hung
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: hang
context 1: , so if food gets hung up it can feel scary
context 2: I literally JUST hung up from talking to Dr.
context 3: bloat up , then openin hung the tube should relieve the

term: deemed
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: deem
context 1: covering the procedure as they deemed it experimental . Has anyone
context 2: what point something is not deemed experimental ? I ’m moving
context 3: throat . Once I was deemed ready to rock , they

term: humans
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: human
context 1: real nice human helping other humans , he did threaten to
context 2: of a crossbreed experiment between humans and frogs like I had
context 3: a small group of elite humans * Dragon / Demon burps

term: STILL
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: still
context 1: in my throat . UPDATE STILL DAY 2 POST OP :
context 2: WHAT !!! hahahaha I AM STILL NOT BURPING which is so
context 3: started laughing , and was STILL burping . It lasted maybe

term: supported
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: support
context 1: as well . This is supported by the fact that I
context 2: I have felt validated and supported knowing that there are many
context 3: anyone asks . My girlfriend supported me all the way ,

term: Yet
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: yet
context 1: rest of my friends . Yet another day , I ’ll
context 2: make me feel worse . Yet , I could not realize
context 3: and anxious right now . Yet I have to take a

term: Pepsi
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: pepsi
context 1: thing . One sip of Pepsi or Coke and I seriously
context 2: , but if I drink Pepsi like usual , I spend
context 3: a hill chugging a Cherry Pepsi . That belch was so

term: Vitality
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: vitality
context 1: insurance ? Also , used Vitality insurance ?
context 2: myself ? Also I have Vitality health insurance that covers pre-existing
context 3: or tips for convincing their Vitality GP or claims team to

term: quoted
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: quote
context 1: insurance and I ’ve been quoted about $ 1800 total for
context 2: about costs at first ( quoted me diff prices and seemed
context 3: YES **! The price is quoted around 2700 - 3400 euro

term: skills
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: skill
context 1: A list of coping skills I ’ve found for the
context 2: ultimately helped me build coping skills that have benefited me as
context 3: big challenges with newly acquired skills . It probably went on

term: defeated
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: defeat
context 1: LES problems . I feel defeated , and I never want
context 2: . I 'm feeling so defeated . Has anyone else had
context 3: are . I just feel defeated , I still have n’t

term: Slowly
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: slowly
context 1: almost 2 weeks ago . Slowly started burping from there though
context 2: began to burp … . Slowly , after several months of
context 3: n’t me imagining it . Slowly but surely I somehow found

term: flowing
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: flow
context 1: to help keep the hope flowing !!! A bit about me
context 2: the burps will come a flowing after surgery recovery . 🤞
context 3: but things seem to be flowing a bit better now .

term: Three
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: three
context 1: abnormalities ’ 5 . ⁠‘ Three pieces of duodenal mucosa showing
context 2: relief from the gurgles . Three to four minutes still gives
context 3: especially in recent years . Three years ago i understood the

term: conversations
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: conversation
context 1: And then remembering back to conversations I had with my mom
context 2: before . Other than little conversations with friends who do n’t
context 3: burps in the middle of conversations . TIA !

term: confirms
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: confirm
context 1: , and if this test confirms that then they are going
context 2: nausea after starting to microburp confirms my diagnosis . It confirms
context 3: confirms my diagnosis . It confirms that I have R -

term: educated
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: educate
context 1: and she really listened and educated me on the whole procedure
context 2: doses so it ’s an educated guess . There is no
context 3: in LA ) that is educated on no burp and is

term: U.S.
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: u.s.
context 1: if you lived in the U.S. because my currency is 1
context 2: doctor in my area ( U.S. northwest ) who would treat
context 3: is currently only open to U.S. participants due to network geo

term: Bastien
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: bastien
context 1: Procedure Cost Estimation - Bastien
context 2: to Chicago to see Dr. Bastien . I was wondering if
context 3: I reached out to Dr. Bastien ’s office . The procedure

term: cards
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: card
context 1: really is n't in the cards for us right now and
context 2: . Muesli is off the cards , horrible to eat twice
context 3: five $ 15 Amazon e-gift cards ** . * Please consider

term: Head
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: head
context 1: . Lol ! 1 . Head bobbing . Stick your head
context 2: at their fullest point . Head position plays a role ,
context 3: the department of Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery at The

term: Immediately
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: immediately
context 1: Sept. 12th this year . Immediately after surgery , I was
context 2: to know his stuff . Immediately after surgery , he noticed
context 3: in terms of pain . Immediately felt like a lump in

term: Wiki
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: wiki
context 1: Andrew Tkaczuk , MD to Wiki
context 2: n’t mind sharing ? The Wiki post lists Dr. Michael King
context 3: on the list in the Wiki . New to Reddit .

term: tops
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: top
context 1: 2 years or so , tops . \-- have been diagnosed
context 2: like bathing suits and tank tops is hard for me not
context 3: girls wore jeans and crop tops and still had flat stomachs

term: CBT
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: cbt
context 1: about cognitive behavioural therapy ( CBT ) for my panic attacks
context 2: anxiety I experienced , and CBT talking therapy really helped me
context 3: treatment ? I 've tried CBT and EMDR before and neither

term: relying
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: rely
context 1: for the fall I 'm relying heavy on fingering my throat
context 2: do this and end up relying on this as a way
context 3: every once and awhile . relying on my body ’s energy

term: Completely
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: completely
context 1: morning vs night . * Completely unable to drink soda ,
context 2: Not Completely Shameless
context 3: off after three weeks . Completely gone . Still have slow

term: contractions
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: contraction
context 1: minute sessions of these throat contractions / ' hiccuping ' noises
context 2: still some ! ) of contractions of the smooth muscles in
context 3: I can feel the throat contractions and have mini burps deep

term: Charlotte
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: charlotte
context 1: surgery . I am in Charlotte , NC and through amazing
context 2: Doctor for RCPD in Charlotte , NC
context 3: there is a doctor in Charlotte , NC , who has

term: painkillers
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: painkiller
context 1: me a prescription for some painkillers in case I needed them
context 2: I refrained from taking any painkillers . My throat was very
context 3: SIX WEEKS . Once my painkillers wear off every four hours

term: picking
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: pick
context 1: part time job , and picking out what foods to eat
context 2: to relax some more after picking up some Motrin for the
context 3: Made the mistake of picking up Truly 's at the

term: sugars
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: sugar
context 1: one of the easily fermentable sugars they list is honey .
context 2: refined sugar and even natural sugars to an extent and have
context 3: try to limit all the sugars , sparkling water is just

term: Tube
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: tube
context 1: n’t tell me if NG Tube was capped . I arrived
context 2: have been capping the NG Tube , and he even said
context 3: to have his Naso Gastric Tube left open to let air

term: huisarts
frequency: 25
lemmatized_to: huisart
context 1: get a referral from your huisarts , I highly recommend that
context 2: . vorige week bij de huisarts een doorverwijzing gekregen voor de
context 3: had to go to the huisarts first . I called them

term: Anytime
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: anytime
context 1: and the gurgles etc .. Anytime I get close to somebody
context 2: also can not yawn ! Anytime I try to yawn it
context 3: my noburp or not . Anytime I get a cough /

term: progressing
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: progress
context 1: have had it done are progressing . &#x200B ; I look
context 2: a trapped wind feeling but progressing from that . It 's
context 3: post Botox and burping is progressing great ! However ... I

term: LIFE
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: life
context 1: ! ) . It was LIFE CHANGING ! Buuuuuuut before I
context 2: the procedure . Seriously , LIFE CHANGING . Some background ,
context 3: twice a day now . LIFE CHANGING . Edit : today

term: sentences
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: sentence
context 1: burp in most of his sentences . I 'm thinking typical
context 2: Talking more than a few sentences at a time feels uncomfortable
context 3: few notes and read some sentences loudly to see how my

term: restrictions
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: restriction
context 1: companies , given the usual restrictions on pre-existing conditions not being
context 2: a job because of food restrictions . The last week I
context 3: been overweight and with all restrictions , I 've gained even

term: entered
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: enter
context 1: Then when my dad finally entered the bathroom , I started
context 2: I ’ve just entered college and I already steer
context 3: burping business . When I entered I saw all the people

term: dating
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: dating
context 1: some support with the whole dating thing and how to talk
context 2: my social life and not dating for years . I 'd
context 3: embarrass me when I was dating . - I have terrible

term: joining
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: join
context 1: . I just realized after joining this group yesterday that the
context 2: a Reddit account purely for joining the no-burp community because I
context 3: thought of it prior to joining this sub , but on

term: LOUD
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: loud
context 1: and she always mentioned how LOUD I swallow ( both food
context 2: dentist and the gurgles are LOUD
context 3: which would release a very LOUD air vomit ( sometimes ,

term: plagued
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: plague
context 1: of my childhood I was plagued with unexplained nausea and excepted
context 2: we do to deserve being plagued by this all the time
context 3: of my life has been plagued by R - CPD (

term: Drank
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: drank
context 1: much of a difference . Drank some Fanta just now and
context 2: no other burps today . Drank 2 L of soda water
context 3: , had small burps - Drank too much , vomited ,

term: ruins
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: ruin
context 1: for singing and performing , ruins my self esteem , etc
context 2: . I hate how this ruins fun events . I hate
context 3: this so much and it ruins my ability to eat normally

term: inflamed
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: inflame
context 1: lower esophagus is a bit inflamed and gave me meds for
context 2: as everything feels sore and inflamed . I did n't really
context 3: my system was just as inflamed as it was prior to

term: noodles
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: noodle
context 1: the evening I had some noodles which was the first normal
context 2: pizza for lunch and fried noodles for dinner without any issues
context 3: ! i survived on mushy noodles and thicker juice ( went

term: weddings
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: wedding
context 1: ! Before events such as weddings about killed me off from
context 2: was not an option - weddings , birthdays , anniversaries (
context 3: trigger for me , especially weddings ... and I 'm getting

term: achieved
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: achieve
context 1: for 1 day and have achieved several microburps . Hopefully I
context 2: way I knew I had achieved this was the bit of
context 3: ( two spontaneous and two achieved by twisting ) but mostly

term: UC
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: uc
context 1: week by Dr. Verma at UC Irvine . This will be
context 2: injection from Dr. Verma at UC Irvine about a month ago
context 3: with Dr. Aaron Friedman at UC Hospital in Cincinnati . I

term: mouthfuls
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: mouthful
context 1: normal and wash a few mouthfuls down . Even now about
context 2: have maybe 4 or 5 mouthfuls without having to wash it
context 3: need for frequent sips between mouthfuls still . Day 10 :

term: FL
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: fl
context 1: live in West Palm Beach FL and I ’ve had little
context 2: . If you are in FL , call USF . Dr.
context 3: Abdel - Aty in Tampa FL . Microburps started the very

term: OH
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: oh
context 1: I got one out and OH MY GOD it sounded like
context 2: . THE . CROAKING . OH MY GOD . there really
context 3: an ENT in Dayton , OH and printing out the study

term: soo
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: so
context 1: noburp here ! I am soo greatfull to find this community
context 2: it stucked in too ... soo that s not an option
context 3: just set my symptoms off soo bad . Just eating and

term: expressed
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: express
context 1: many of you have already expressed , it was surprising to
context 2: to some of the issues expressed here about not being able
context 3: insert the endoscope . I expressed discomfort to the nurse who

term: Sunil
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: sunil
context 1: research and met with Dr. Sunil Verma through UCI ( University
context 2: out to Illinois ! Dr. Sunil Verma 250 E Yale Loop
context 3: botox procedure done by Dr. Sunil Verma at UCI medical center

term: escaped
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: escape
context 1: I could tell the air escaped as I smelled / tasted
context 2: the most air that ever escaped from my body through my
context 3: it by my own will escaped me for all of my

term: addressing
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: address
context 1: ones that I can begin addressing now through " normal "
context 2: , but it 's not addressing the issue ) . I
context 3: not been massively helpful in addressing any of my issues in

term: investigating
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: investigate
context 1: Am investigating getting the procedure with Dr
context 2: people ) , so am investigating that further . As IBS
context 3: not cover it . After investigating and concluding that the insurance

term: emailing
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: email
context 1: The lady that I am emailing said the only reason Bastian
context 2: I can try calling or emailing random doctor 's offices ,
context 3: have spent some time lately emailing doctors who have published research

term: tempted
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: tempt
context 1: are unnecessary . I ’m tempted to give up and resign
context 2: me ! I 'm very tempted to get the botox procedure
context 3: this week and I am tempted to cancel because I do

term: persons
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: person
context 1: ’s definitely not a normal persons burp . I too have
context 2: a whimper of a normal persons burp is .
context 3: loud as a “ normal persons ” quite yet , but

term: Others
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: other
context 1: I have ever met . Others had asked me to keep
context 2: door is completely closed . Others around me sustain their energy
context 3: hearing is affected ) . Others who have PET also experience

term: prices
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: price
context 1: clue about out of pocket prices for them ?
context 2: first ( quoted me diff prices and seemed to be unsure
context 3: mentioning that Dr Karagama 's prices have dropped a lot over

term: Cross
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: cross
context 1: good coverage - Premera Blue Cross PPO . They also wo
context 2: and outcome of Premera Blue Cross insurance struggles
context 3: . Then my Premera Blue Cross insurance denied coverage for the

term: bummed
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: bummed
context 1: on here everyone seems pretty bummed about not being able to
context 2: this point . Feeling pretty bummed at this point :(
context 3: and trying not to get bummed . Looked like I was

term: sizes
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: size
context 1: How do shaker sizes have success with R -
context 2: . I needed multiple pant sizes within one day . Truly
context 3: want to decrease our portion sizes when we eat and this

term: marks
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: mark
context 1: CHANGING . Edit : today marks 2 weeks post botox which
context 2: I can see 2 red marks or sores , one on
context 3: Hey everyone , Today marks my 1yr anniversary of ex-noburp'er

term: BURPING
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: burping
context 1: difficult to eat . UNCONTROLLABLE BURPING .
context 2: the ceiling ) I BEGAN BURPING ?????????? And it would happen
context 3: home 😂. HERE ’S TO BURPING !!

term: decides
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: decide
context 1: will help if Dr. Spiegel decides that I am a good
context 2: room until my digestive systems decides to stop trying to force
context 3: and my baby dinosaur noise decides to act up . Takes

term: hrs
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: hour
context 1: even after a good 8 hrs of sleep . Many times
context 2: latest trial today ( 4 hrs ago ) was the dilation
context 3: a while ( 3 + hrs ) and i came to

term: expelled
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: expel
context 1: and without my control ) expelled a load of air while
context 2: of air and when I expelled air it just feels like
context 3: OF ME ready to be expelled . The burps themselves ,

term: EVERYTHING
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: everything
context 1: whole picture , tell me EVERYTHING ! The good , the
context 2: could remember , but recently EVERYTHING is getting worse and it
context 3: . I am choking on EVERYTHING including spit , and I

term: caring
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: caring
context 1: of the most competent and caring doctors I have ever met
context 2: breakdowns , and doctors not caring , I was directed to
context 3: were all incredibly kind and caring and I ca n't thank

term: Link
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: link
context 1: get around to it ! Link : [ https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dI6hUIN5ANFg7gcfdTdmsDA9Qb\_xqCeJeOb3OzmKI6E/edit?usp=drivesdk](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dI6hUIN5ANFg7gcfdTdmsDA9Qb_xqCeJeOb3OzmKI6E/edit?usp=drivesdk) Original post
context 2: Link to the survey : [
context 3: he was an emetophobe . Link to that video here :

term: Rodney
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: rodney
context 1: after being referred by Dr. Rodney . I got my botox
context 2: I understand she and Dr. Rodney are trying to pursue research
context 3: Botox with Dr. Jennifer Rodney - Fort Worth , TX

term: tensed
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: tens
context 1: and my tense areas have tensed up again . I can
context 2: ( after all , a tensed muscle causes this problem )
context 3: in my throat is also tensed up then when I point

term: mates
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: mate
context 1: a lot of banter from mates about how I ca n't
context 2: go the pub with my mates this week and feel no
context 3: do a suitcase when my mates poor a new drink and

term: Apologies
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: apology
context 1: Apologies if this has already been
context 2: 's worked with him . Apologies if someone has talked about
context 3: . New to Reddit . Apologies if I 'm putting this

term: PT
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: pt
context 1: of a psychological thing than PT , but it was part
context 2: life . I do three PT sessions a week that include
context 3: this was unfortunately my last PT appointment . )

term: spreading
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: spread
context 1: your stories . Thanks for spreading awareness . Thanks to the
context 2: the Reddit community helped by spreading knowledge , stories and information
context 3: for creating this community and spreading the news far and wide

term: mixing
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: mix
context 1: worked . Eventually I realised mixing drink with food made it
context 2: speaking it was just air mixing in with my voice .
context 3: the meal but honestly avoiding mixing liquid with food really seems

term: Granted
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: grant
context 1: for the first time ! Granted , there is still some
context 2: his chronic stomach issues . Granted , it was n’t a
context 3: and they freaked out . Granted , I had explained it

term: Carolina
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: carolina
context 1: |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/QeN1TpOD)**|North Carolina |**2** Votes |**[ Vote ]
context 2: |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/8PknUZKe)**|South Carolina |**1** Votes |**[ Vote ]
context 3: subreddit * Charleston , South Carolina : Dr. Ashli O'Rourke [

term: jumped
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: jump
context 1: something else . He just jumped right into the explanation of
context 2: from the above , I jumped right into carbonated beverages (
context 3: , so I once again jumped into the topic . And

term: subsides
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: subside
context 1: several days until any swelling subsides . He made the diaphragm
context 2: my stomach . The pain subsides significantly when I burp —
context 3: much easier when the mucous subsides and the Botox relents a

term: https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing)
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14f_kseelad_rtpnjj_gvntlvlam&usp=sharing)
context 1: Map of Specialists **] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing) I 've been building ,
context 2: [ the map ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing) – including the first to
context 3: of known specialists ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing) is n't working on some

term: Massage
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: massage
context 1: relaxes me especially the Shower Massage on my neck . Botox
context 2: else it ’ll come up Massage your throat at the beginning
context 3: be consistent . 2 : Massage the crocoid and try to

term: digesting
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: digest
context 1: get my stomach used to digesting harder foods and more calories
context 2: used to after eating and digesting . Continued having some issues
context 3: i also started burping while digesting , which has eased a

term: insisted
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: insist
context 1: push back too hard and insisted on seeing an ENT ,
context 2: care . Dr. Hoesli repeatedly insisted that the standard recovery time
context 3: little relief . Other posts insisted that the air - vomit

term: ‘s
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: 's
context 1: he came across Dr. Bastian ‘s writings and we looked at
context 2: upper stomach pain , it ‘s like 5 - 6 cm
context 3: Most of the time it ‘s not even a pain ,

term: Dear
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: dear
context 1: message to Dr. Bastian :-** Dear Dr. Bastian , First of
context 2: . ** His reply :-** Dear Mr. Moscaritolo : Thank you
context 3: you . The email : Dear X , Thank you for

term: Professor
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: professor
context 1: , another noburper posted about Professor Debry , so I took
context 2: They laughed at me . Professor Kumar , a leading UK
context 3: , MD , MHS Assistant Professor of Medicine ( Digestive Diseases

term: blankets
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: blanket
context 1: fuzzy grippy socks , heated blankets , and a comfy recliner
context 2: in tight with some warm blankets , and had an oxygen
context 3: . I was wrapped in blankets and secured on the table

term: vanished
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: vanish
context 1: normal person ) all symptoms vanished and life was good .
context 2: all of my symptoms completely vanished . I' have n't felt
context 3: eating seem to have completely vanished since I began burping which

term: H2
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: h2
context 1: away after taking PPIs or H2 blockers or a more effective
context 2: a result I only take H2 blocker as needed but my
context 3: gaviscon , PPI , or H2 blockers .

term: Cricoid
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: cricoid
context 1: about how to do the Cricoid Massage , can you share
context 2: Cricopharyngeus Dysfunction happens because the Cricoid muscle wo n't relax to
context 3: is tasty though . * Cricoid massage . I do not

term: nostrils
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: nostril
context 1: and up one of my nostrils . A thin tub was
context 2: soda specifically it burns my nostrils on the inside . 😣
context 3: the HELL out of my nostrils . I sometimes ca n’t

term: Yea
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: yea
context 1: Yea , TikTok brought me here
context 2: easy to swallow food . Yea , here ’s a tip
context 3: for the detailed response . Yea , i ve had a

term: Funny
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: funny
context 1: cover the consultation though . Funny enough , they would have
context 2: exercises worked for her . Funny enough it was her speech
context 3: to rule out anything . Funny because they make you drink

term: Merci
frequency: 24
lemmatized_to: merci
context 1: en France ou ailleurs ? Merci beaucoup à tous et bonne
context 2: really life changing ! ( Merci ! Mes gargouillis se so
context 3: générale ou sans anesthésie ? Merci beaucoup pour votre retour .

term: Croix
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: croix
context 1: , and just drink La Croix now . Since this time
context 2: and stocking up on La Croix but curious to know if
context 3: I just drank a La Croix and I got super uncomfortable

term: Suddenly
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: suddenly
context 1: contents of my stomach . Suddenly I 'm nauseous and feel
context 2: verge of throwing up . Suddenly , I was able to
context 3: in a specific way . Suddenly I burped ! I had

term: AMAZING
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: amazing
context 1: chronic conditions this is an AMAZING success rate . Actually curing
context 2: the NHS . He is AMAZING , such a lovely Dr
context 3: specialist in midtown ) is AMAZING . I had to get

term: blocks
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: block
context 1: surgery , medication , nerve blocks ) , it would be
context 2: lump in my throats which blocks me from doing so more
context 3: When attempting to , it blocks my airway and I can

term: 20’s
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: 20’
context 1: condition . In my upper 20’s after a chest x -
context 2: this problem since my early 20’s . I heard about this
context 3: group ! During my early 20’s simply not burping became a

term: fills
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: fill
context 1: i mean it pretty much fills up my abdomen and upper
context 2: liquid diet because my mouth fills up with saliva and I
context 3: learned that when the colon fills up with excessive amounts of

term: brothers
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: brother
context 1: Thank you for listening my brothers and sisters .
context 2: appreciation post for all my brothers and sisters I share this
context 3: my life when my two brothers spoke up and mentioned that

term: Thats
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: that
context 1: burp like everyone else . Thats all i got .
context 2: until this becomes available . Thats why I was wondering if
context 3: body to feel better . Thats how I usually cope -

term: heaves
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: heave
context 1: followed by several violent dry heaves . The only way to
context 2: e.g. anxiety ) involuntary dry heaves / gagging with no burp
context 3: stomach ache or the dry heaves ! I ’m also able

term: jokes
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: joke
context 1: course led a lot of jokes and people not taking me
context 2: , but it was all jokes . I do love that
context 3: missing out on !!!! All jokes aside , I ’ll take

term: WOW
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: wow
context 1: Y’all WOW . This subreddit . Is
context 2: 6 weeks post botox and WOW HAS IT GOTTEN BETTER .
context 3: with Dr. Bastian - & WOW . i love that man

term: Hence
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: hence
context 1: a doctor about it . Hence my questions :)
context 2: day 1 and 2 . Hence , ** my nausea and
context 3: inspiring and horrifically relatable . Hence , this post . I

term: CO2
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: co2
context 1: and ca n't release the CO2 those pills convert the acid
context 2: with what feels like burning CO2 !
context 3: and microsurgery with lasers and CO2 . ‘ Freakin ’ lasers

term: indicated
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: indicate
context 1: get interesting . Dr. Bastian indicated that there were actually two
context 2: or impossible . Dr. Bastian indicated that he had n't heard
context 3: same intensity of effort as indicated by the machine . In

term: pitched
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: pitch
context 1: or imitating a high - pitched voice ) are difficult or
context 2: bright light and high - pitched noises . These are all
context 3: brief , high - ish pitched burst of sound — a

term: abilities
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: ability
context 1: , some of us with abilities / in abilities that others
context 2: us with abilities / in abilities that others may or may
context 3: CPD affects my vocal performance abilities as I have to wait

term: Problem
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: problem
context 1: Hi ! Problem burper here . Is there
context 2: learning how to burp . Problem is like many of you
context 3: symptoms . # First question Problem I ’m having is it

term: Mr.
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: mr.
context 1: here in the UK with Mr. Karagama . Fast forward to
context 2: January for my consultation with Mr. Karagama . He asked what
context 3: of the swallow test to Mr. Karagama . The next morning

term: OUT
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: out
context 1: and screaming " JUST GET OUT OF MY THROAT PLEASE "
context 2: along ?!?!!!?!! I am FREAKING OUT RN. HELLO . HI .
context 3: 5 . The burps are OUT OF CONTROL . You were

term: Coffee
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: coffee
context 1: is going to pop . Coffee makes it much worse .
context 2: * Beer * Whiskey * Coffee * Tea * Hot chocolate
context 3: - Stan ’s Donuts & Coffee - Mud & Char (

term: reducers
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: reducer
context 1: it much worse . Acid reducers and blockers also make it
context 2: killing me . Will acid reducers help ? Will anything help
context 3: put on the typical acid reducers as an adult . Famotidine

term: vomitted
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: vomit
context 1: down my throat twice and vomitted it back up finally and
context 2: was the first time i vomitted a bit while trying to
context 3: burps got better , havnt vomitted since last update and only

term: pregnancies
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: pregnancy
context 1: this with both of my pregnancies , and I ca n't
context 2: ! Ever since then my pregnancies were the only time I
context 3: Only dry heaving during both pregnancies . I sometimes let out

term: Throwing
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: throw
context 1: Shrek and Elf. 12 . Throwing up seems like the worst
context 2: Throwing up clear foamy liquid from
context 3: Throwing up for normal people ??

term: movies
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: movie
context 1: . Going to concerts , movies , sporting events , etc
context 2: be Sven in the Frozen movies . He sounds like an
context 3: have n't been to the movies , camping , dinner parties

term: wakes
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: wake
context 1: sometimes so loud that it wakes my partner and our 6
context 2: the kind of food that wakes them frogs up after lunch
context 3: start swallowing air . It wakes me up and I have

term: Considering
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: consider
context 1: prior to my appointment .. Considering I 'm from out of
context 2: like 8 pm lol . Considering how sick I feel tonight
context 3: wheels ( botox ) . Considering that I 'm 3.5 weeks

term: eliminating
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: eliminate
context 1: try it as we pursue eliminating other potential options .
context 2: great at reducing and almost eliminating Heartburn . I have been
context 3: to help with digestion and eliminating dairy and gluten . It

term: inspired
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: inspire
context 1: elated . I was promptly inspired to make an appointment with
context 2: exercise as I was very inspired to get anything else out
context 3: burp " Starter Pack ( inspired by u/omar2345 )

term: concerning
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: concerning
context 1: every 5 seconds and its concerning ( many many more symptoms
context 2: 's more than a little concerning they were able to make
context 3: is this something that is concerning or something that will resolve

term: Nov
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: november
context 1: ( this was Oct / Nov 2020 ) and opened Tiktok
context 2: procedure done on Friday , Nov 6th and while I 've
context 3: 100 ml on 22nd of Nov and tomorrow will be 2

term: chalked
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: chalk
context 1: person , which I also chalked up to constipation . Anyway
context 2: at the time I just chalked it up to I drank
context 3: my wife or I just chalked it up to be indigestion

term: Columbia
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: columbia
context 1: Beware of Dr. Pitman and Columbia medical center in NYC
context 2: . Has anyone in British Columbia , Canada , had any
context 3: Michael J. Pitman MD of Columbia University Medical Center & the

term: grossed
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: gross
context 1: Anyone else get grossed out by burping ??
context 2: convenient since it ’s always grossed me out . But I
context 3: story of a shame and grossed out feeling from childhood regarding

term: Saw
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: see
context 1: videos for some reason . Saw a doctor yesterday because I
context 2: Saw Dr Sugumaran last Thursday and
context 3: Saw Dr. Richard McHugh in Sacramento

term: Months
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: month
context 1: far along are you ? Months ? Years ? Give us
context 2: to her after about 10 Months of trying . There were
context 3: to post an update . Months 2 - 3 were pretty

term: HELP
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: help
context 1: HELP HELP . I 've lost
context 2: HELP HELP . I 've lost hope
context 3: group and I WANT TO HELP YOU ALL !!!!!!! I ’m

term: Sprite
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: sprite
context 1: ! Chugged a glass of Sprite , and I let out
context 2: Sprite Challenge
context 3: I realise the Sprite challenge is old news but

term: diabetes
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: diabete
context 1: , there was talk about diabetes , a buttload of blood
context 2: , various deficiencies , and diabetes / blood sugar levels -
context 3: I do n’t suffer from diabetes that I know of and

term: Liquid
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: liquid
context 1: bloating Early satiety Air vomiting Liquid vomiting Inability to pass stool
context 2: to try : 1 ) Liquid calories like protein shakes /
context 3: to wash it down . Liquid / mushy foods are still

term: bouncing
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: bounce
context 1: hiccups where air is just bouncing around in my esophagus and
context 2: would burp the babies by bouncing them on my legs ,
context 3: days , I 've been bouncing my leg , or rapidly

term: acids
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: acid
context 1: on a different of anti acids , which basically did n't
context 2: and psylium bind to these acids so that they can be
context 3: reflux and just prescribed anti acids but they do n’t help

term: jobs
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: job
context 1: because there are no remote jobs in that field . I
context 2: being able to work certain jobs , failed Botox procedures ,
context 3: a few weeks off between jobs and was hoping to set

term: rubbing
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: rub
context 1: to carry on poking and rubbing my throat and hopefully they
context 2: techniques this person mentioned was rubbing where your vocal chords are
context 3: . It sounds like cartilage rubbing or something . It appears

term: Cost
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: cost
context 1: Procedure Cost Estimation - Bastien
context 2: will be £ 250 + Cost of stroboscopy .** ** Surgery
context 3: nice roommate :) &#x200B ; Cost : So I traveled there

term: DOES
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: for the people who it DOES help , it probably comes
context 2: rare , that when it DOES happen , I tell everyone
context 3: easy , and that SHE DOES N'T BURP EITHER ! I

term: Chest
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: chest
context 1: body ! ) 3 . Chest pounding . Smack your chest
context 2: The symptoms include : * Chest pain / pressure * Numbness
context 3: ’ve had before surgery : Chest pain , stomach bloating and

term: Quite
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: quite
context 1: in a few months . Quite possibly a step towards a
context 2: old male . 6'1 . Quite sporty , works out regularly
context 3: currently very very minor . Quite often , late at night

term: refers
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: refer
context 1: Edit : this poll only refers to natural / regular burps
context 2: I make what my wife refers to as " the t
context 3: . My primary care always refers me to GI , as

term: juices
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: juice
context 1: when a mixture of gastric juices , and sometimes undigested food
context 2: ’ve been going for monster juices lately but they are still
context 3: and am sticking to vegetable juices and fruit smoothies . I

term: suppressing
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: suppress
context 1: Any tips on suppressing the gurgles ?
context 2: again . Any tips on suppressing the noises ?
context 3: . These have succeeded in suppressing some symptoms at times ,

term: relationships
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: relationship
context 1: day , about life , relationships and friendships , at work
context 2: and went through 2 horrible relationships . Now I ’m hardly
context 3: up instantly ) , my relationships are non existent bc I

term: Ireland
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: ireland
context 1: Treatment in Ireland ?
context 2: wondering is anybody here from Ireland and know of where I
context 3: Dr Raftery in Dublin , Ireland . Here ’s my updates

term: UCSF
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: ucsf
context 1: R - CPD ) at UCSF named Dr. Rosen . Fingers
context 2: ’ve seen Dr. Rosen at UCSF , how did he do
context 3: positive experiences so far with UCSF

term: Carbonated
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: carbonated
context 1: laying down every night . Carbonated beverages were not my answer
context 2: except for when vomiting . Carbonated drinks and alcohol are a
context 3: never relief through burping . Carbonated / fizzy / bubbly drinks

term: statements
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: statement
context 1: . Even though I have statements from 3 different medical specialists
context 2: and sharing experiences . The statements of anonymous people on the
context 3: Would n't want to see statements like these get misinterpreted and

term: pointing
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: point
context 1: interesting to see Dr. Bastian pointing out the clear signs of
context 2: : initially I found that pointing the chin up and /
context 3: try starting with the chin pointing up at first . &nbsp

term: BTW
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: btw
context 1: no help so far . BTW , if I lay flat
context 2: sub created ( thank you BTW ! ) makes 100 %
context 3: procedure should work well . BTW I ’m having little tiny

term: mechanisms
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: mechanism
context 1: solutions and / or coping mechanisms / quality - of -
context 2: Maybe not the greatest coping mechanisms , but it got me
context 3: 'd like discuss the pathological mechanisms behind the symptoms ! I

term: dans
frequency: 23
lemmatized_to: dan
context 1: en charge en faisant ça dans un autre pays , si
context 2: cela puisse aider des personnes dans la même situation . J'ai
context 3: à l'idée de me lancer dans ce parcours et y ai

term: stems
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: stem
context 1: , and I think it stems from my horrible fear of
context 2: made aware my restrictive eating stems from R - CPD ,
context 3: like a normal nausea that stems from your stomach but rather

term: Celiac
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: celiac
context 1: connected , it might be Celiac 's disease . Kinda nervous
context 2: system problems I have from Celiac disease and Hashimoto 's hypothyroidism
context 3: finally concluded that I had Celiac ’s . For those who

term: IL
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: il
context 1: hours in Downers Grove , IL . So ... I flew
context 2: procedure in Downers Grove , IL
context 3: I travelled from MN to IL for my RCPD Botox procedure

term: Zealand
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: zealand
context 1: Australia , or even New Zealand to get checked out
context 2: know anywhere in either New Zealand , Australia or Singapore that
context 3: Allen , Auckland , New Zealand ?

term: determined
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: determine
context 1: of blue water . He determined that I was a good
context 2: will soon . I 'm determined to get rid of this
context 3: with me , but we determined it was n't necessary .

term: Schiffer
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: schiffer
context 1: Dr Breanne Schiffer ( Salt Lake City ,
context 2: done on Tuesday by Dr Schiffer , she works in the
context 3: no other affiliations with Dr Schiffer 's office . I had

term: Loud
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: loud
context 1: . The CURE is a Loud Violent procedure . If anyone
context 2: as I can remember ) Loud gurgling noises throughout the day
context 3: in my family burps . Loud and proud , and I

term: BE
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: . SERIOUSLY ! DO NOT BE NERVOUS ! I understand everyone
context 2: MUSCLES ARE NATURALLY GOING TO BE IN THEIR MOST RELAXED STATE
context 3: EXTREME CONDITION THAT YOU WILL BE MISERABLE WITH ETC . wtf

term: sisters
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: sister
context 1: for listening my brothers and sisters .
context 2: for all my brothers and sisters I share this condition with
context 3: you are my brothers and sisters . I love you all

term: effecting
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: effect
context 1: hated . I remember that effecting me quite a lot as
context 2: the worsening of this condition effecting my personal life and work
context 3: having / not having treatments effecting it . If the Botox

term: strangers
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: stranger
context 1: brother and mother are n't strangers to thumping their pressurised chests
context 2: and sounded very painful to strangers . But then it hit
context 3: middle of a bunch of strangers . It was horrible .

term: wheezing
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: wheeze
context 1: Spent all day sort of wheezing and coughing due to allergic
context 2: slow , and I was wheezing and probably frightening the other
context 3: had quite a bit of wheezing which Lucy said could be

term: LONG
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: long
context 1: I am relieved , AS LONG AS I STAY ON MY
context 2: really struggling with please : LONG periods of exercise ( running
context 3: have n’t posted in a LONG time . It ’s just

term: UP
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: up
context 1: " DID SOMEONE JUST THROW UP ? ! " Even though
context 2: air I could feel rush UP my throat rather than DOWN
context 3: stage , DO NOT GIVE UP . Keep going , and

term: restricting
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: restrict
context 1: like symptoms . It is restricting my airway . I am
context 2: see just how tight and restricting the muscle was first I
context 3: experiences . I have been restricting my food intake for like

term: GET
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: get
context 1: walls and screaming " JUST GET OUT OF MY THROAT PLEASE
context 2: AGAIN < 33333 AND ACTUALLY GET DRUNK BEFORE I FEEL LIKE
context 3: due to this . Anyways GET THE BOTOX especially if you

term: crushed
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: crush
context 1: severe , and I am crushed . I was so excited
context 2: on my lap suddenly which crushed my stomach and I let
context 3: probably not ’ so she crushed it and gave it to

term: Questions
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: question
context 1: Recent Botox Procedure - Questions
context 2: Questions for people who have successfully
context 3: Questions re post Botox swallowing

term: highest
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: high
context 1: that this was the " highest compliment , " so Canadians
context 2: scale . One of the highest from all the people I
context 3: my adam 's apple the highest I can \- Airvomiting everytime

term: Canadians
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: canadian
context 1: highest compliment , " so Canadians -- especially BC residents --
context 2: she has strong feelings about Canadians wallets being exploited who travel
context 3: last little bit from fellow Canadians that seem to have some

term: partners
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: partner
context 1: in bed with new sexual partners was a nightmare ) .
context 2: worth it . Good luck partners in noburp !
context 3: I ’ve even had ex partners tell me I woke them

term: declined
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: decline
context 1: to chicago because Dr. Verma declined my insurance and it would
context 2: had the endoscopy , but declined an XRay , because I
context 3: a gastroenterologist . I respectfully declined , knowing from my research

term: insurances
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: insurance
context 1: price and insurance ? Which insurances do most doctors take ?
context 2: be covered by statutory health insurances at the Charité in Berlin
context 3: with , my company changed insurances for 2022 . At this

term: Denmark
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: denmark
context 1: here ? Even Sweden or Denmark ? Hard times to be
context 2: getting the procedure done in Denmark . I had my first
context 3: available in the Netherlands or Denmark ? I ’m done with

term: reclined
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: recline
context 1: whenever I 'm in a reclined position , and this seems
context 2: matter what when I ’m reclined . The longer you recline
context 3: . I 'm slouched , reclined , recording myself from below

term: forgetting
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: forget
context 1: experience not being able / forgetting how to swallow ? After
context 2: deleting Reddit altogether , and forgetting my password :) A few
context 3: the wonderful songs and generally forgetting myself , plus already being

term: Weeks
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: week
context 1: significant . &#x200B ; **6 Weeks :** My progress is almost
context 2: less Gas today ! **3 Weeks post botox -** The past
context 3: - like symptoms . **5 Weeks post botox -** So this

term: imagining
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: imagin
context 1: part of this or just imagining things .
context 2: felt exactly the same without imagining that there were more people
context 3: that it was n’t me imagining it . Slowly but surely

term: wished
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: wish
context 1: recent years where I really wished I could . But I
context 2: to the final jerk who wished me happy vomiting that "
context 3: had so much bloating I wished I never went . None

term: stuffed
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: stuff
context 1: eat a lot and feel stuffed , but not feel like
context 2: or like it 's been stuffed with cotton . I 'm
context 3: swallow . So , I stuffed my mouth full of napkins

term: 50units
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: 50unit
context 1: pretty disheartened , I had 50units last year , and 100
context 2: awake 30units 2 - asleep 50units 3 - awake 100 units
context 3: 1 month since I got 50units of Botox in Wimbledon with

term: doubts
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: doubt
context 1: . I had some serious doubts about seeing any results .
context 2: symptom , I 'm having doubts because it still happens .
context 3: ? " * She also doubts that my " 6 -

term: touched
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: touch
context 1: like it has n’t even touched the sides and I ’m
context 2: basically immediately dismissed , she touched my stomach and told me
context 3: Dexilant but it has n’t touched the pain . I also

term: Dell
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: dell
context 1: after the surgery with O' Dell – but without insurance the
context 2: really wonderful . Dr. O' Dell schedules a post - op
context 3: office procedure from Dr. O' Dell even though she says she

term: sneezing
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: sneezing
context 1: afterwards it just changes my sneezing experience . Blowing my nose
context 2: I have these very heavy sneezing fits and never knew where
context 3: I have the feeling the sneezing comes when I 'm very

term: rushed
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: rush
context 1: feeling dizzy , so I rushed to the bathroom ... took
context 2: end of it . I rushed to the school cafeteria and
context 3: and talked and were n’t rushed or rushing . Dr. Mortensen

term: symtoms
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: symtom
context 1: ability so much . My symtoms also went away immediately :
context 2: been treating R - CPD symtoms for many years and that
context 3: that I only get these symtoms in certain situations , such

term: Dairy
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: dairy
context 1: blood for genetic FODMAP diet Dairy free diet SIBO and adult
context 2: Tea * Hot chocolate * Dairy * Ice cream * Cereal
context 3: Gluten Free * FODMAPs * Dairy Free * Gluten & Dairy

term: measures
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: measure
context 1: desperate times come for desperate measures and I got in contact
context 2: drastic measures to relieve pressure in my
context 3: sort of taken ' precautionary measures ' so I do n't

term: actions
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: action
context 1: in all these cases my actions are pushing trapped air up
context 2: I ’ve been told the actions of burping and throwing up
context 3: granted **. Even the smallest actions like being able to walk

term: Mortensen
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: mortensen
context 1: going tomorrow to see Dr Mortensen in Albany NY . I
context 2: to a colleague , Dr Mortensen , who just joined the
context 3: . I expressed to Dr Mortensen I was concerned that was

term: Need
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: need
context 1: Need some motivation
context 2: to do about this . Need to contact the surgeon ,
context 3: hanging in my throat . Need to drink lots of water

term: r-CPD
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: r-cpd
context 1: I do n’t think my r-CPD is as bad as some
context 2: community and discovered I have r-CPD . I have had a
context 3: and early week with their r-CPD symptoms , I reached out

term: tissues
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: tissue
context 1: off she gave me some tissues to dry my face .
context 2: lot of light about connective tissues and thinking maybe that ’s
context 3: my chest cavity and soft tissues around the neck . They

term: East
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: east
context 1: in Iran in the Middle East . Where is the closest
context 2: |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/56x5f710)**|Middle East |**3** Votes |**[ Vote ]
context 3: down here in the South East please please send some info

term: acknowledged
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: acknowledge
context 1: ibs even though I had acknowledged I did n’t have the
context 2: ’s even after my Doctor acknowledged studying under Dr. Bastian .
context 3: a doctor in Ohio that acknowledged and treated this condition ,

term: refusing
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: refuse
context 1: even GOSH appear to be refusing him treatment now ..!!!
context 2: again but Dr. Marshall is refusing to help me until I
context 3: enema etc ) and is refusing to accept R - CPD

term: loving
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: love
context 1: a champ and am absolutely loving it . Today was honestly
context 2: fun of ( in a loving way ) for the weird
context 3: especially my beautiful wife , loving children , and the amazing

term: trials
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: trial
context 1: pointed out that no clinical trials have been done and that
context 2: , who knew about my trials and tribulations , was beyond
context 3: , i look up clinical trials or studies about acid reflux

term: FEEL
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: feel
context 1: I ’m new here and FEEL SO SEEN 😭 I am
context 2: large burps out AND THEY FEEL AMAZING !!! In fact ,
context 3: ACTUALLY GET DRUNK BEFORE I FEEL LIKE A BLOATED PUKEY ELEPHANT

term: GIs
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: gis
context 1: and they are following the GIs lead . Symptoms : gurgling
context 2: tried to recreate it with GIs in the past , nothing
context 3: ’m been to so many GIs and other doctors , and

term: slows
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: slow
context 1: after every meal and it slows down , but sometimes I
context 2: 'm hoping that it eventually slows down . From the time
context 3: I ’m kinda hoping this slows down soon as it ’s

term: creeping
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: creep
context 1: 100 % gone ; no creeping sensation , or having to
context 2: you feel a certain fullness creeping up in your throat .
context 3: much time I 've spent creeping around this sub ) .

term: injects
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: inject
context 1: on the other hand , injects the needle from the outside
context 2: from your nose / throat injects it that way . She
context 3: the skin . Then she injects something else ( ? more

term: faced
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: face
context 1: coworkers without being red - faced and ashamed by all the
context 2: ** Can anyone who has faced severe bloating & had the
context 3: was like I was suddenly faced with the realness of something

term: stomachaches
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: stomachach
context 1: no nausea , gurgles , stomachaches , headaches , hiccups ,
context 2: cause to my bloating , stomachaches , heartburn , and of
context 3: any one here suffers stomachaches ?

term: Otolaryngology
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: otolaryngology
context 1: I went to OSU Otolaryngology today , and FINALLY after
context 2: from the University of Utah Otolaryngology Department , a colleague of
context 3: conjunction with the department of Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery

term: Born
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: bear
context 1: Botox injection with Dr. Hayley Born on Monday ( it ’s
context 2: months post botox with Hayley Born
context 3: R - CPD . Possibly Born with Esophageal Issues → You

term: Chronic
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: chronic
context 1: limitless . Day 6 - Chronic regurgitation and difficulty vocalising .
context 2: food . Day 7 - Chronic regurgitation and sore feeling when
context 3: 2005 . Day 8 - Chronic regurgitation . Difficulty venting only

term: Stop
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: stop
context 1: dancing ? No problem ! Stop by for a beer before
context 2: to all life on earth Stop now Raise awareness Tell the
context 3: swallow air . * ** Stop talking ** well before you

term: baffled
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: baffle
context 1: you and they 're always baffled because it 's rare ,
context 2: ago so I am truly baffled . I am using the
context 3: on me because he is baffled that my LES is too

term: hates
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: hate
context 1: worse with age . He hates that he ca n’t burp
context 2: !! I know everyone here hates that puke reflex , trust
context 3: else suffering through this who hates gagging !

term: sought
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: seek
context 1: to burp much . i sought help because i 've been
context 2: over the years , I sought help for the anxiety I
context 3: milder symptoms that 's also sought treatment ? Or is this

term: nauseated
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: nauseated
context 1: so bad that i was nauseated and finally my body had
context 2: n't even realize I was nauseated because it had been so
context 3: burps make me feel so nauseated , like they 're pulling

term: phobias
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: phobia
context 1: experiences , particularly with choking phobias , do n't suffer in
context 2: causes / correlates with other phobias . The brain is so
context 3: I associated all these to phobias of vomit and choking ,

term: Typically
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: typically
context 1: on an internet search . Typically , the patients are young
context 2: the stomach / esophagus . Typically this is n't a big
context 3: to see a doctor . Typically it came on around bed

term: tickets
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: ticket
context 1: year and we had tent tickets ( yay ! ) .
context 2: Wife and I booked our tickets to Chicago . By end
context 3: ! You have to reserve tickets online in advance ( $

term: Alright
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: alright
context 1: Alright . I 'm gon na
context 2: Alright guys , so I have
context 3: Alright guys I have Kaiser Permanente

term: boxes
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: box
context 1: was ticking nearly all the boxes : bloating getting worst through
context 2: addiction to it , just boxes and boxes of cans of
context 3: it , just boxes and boxes of cans of diet coke

term: frozen
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: freeze
context 1: like I 'm choking on frozen fries ..
context 2: my tongue feels a bit frozen . Beforehand , they gave
context 3: Frozen drinks , so a frozen margarita , slurpees / slushies

term: incidents
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: incident
context 1: a couple of minor choking incidents after drinking water , so
context 2: full potential , so these incidents were enough to make me
context 3: I myself have a few incidents in childhood that probably started

term: Possibly
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: possibly
context 1: burping on stage uncontrollably ? Possibly vomit ? Will the bloating
context 2: the magic of laughter . Possibly the best cure ever .
context 3: Possibly the first of its kind

term: Oddly
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: oddly
context 1: will be like hers . Oddly I can eat chips better
context 2: the feeling was so weird Oddly enough , one of the
context 3: Oddly , I ’ve found that

term: joints
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: joint
context 1: feel cold , achy in joints and generally run down .
context 2: This only occurs when smoking joints , so I think it
context 3: ; bad pain in C1/C2/C3 joints and sternocleidomastoid very tight and

term: Ja
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: ja
context 1: Ja a algum tempo venho observando
context 2: Ja du förklarar dina symptom ,
context 3: Ja de bijwerkingen had ik wel

term: balls
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: ball
context 1: I always had little poo balls . One time , the
context 2: feeling that there are huge balls of air in my throat
context 3: done . This really sucks balls

term: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553)\]
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974x19834553)\]
context 1: [ [ III ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553)\] Dr Bastian 's paper :
context 2: [ [ i ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553)\] > For persons with the
context 3: [ [ III ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553)\] Dr Bastian 's paper :

term: cartridges
frequency: 22
lemmatized_to: cartridge
context 1: if the vanilla or coffee cartridges made me burp , but
context 2: What brand ecig and cartridges ? I do n't smoke
context 3: I use greensmoke cartridges , but they were bought

term: browsing
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: browse
context 1: question I thought of while browsing : why do you want
context 2: burpers , I 've been browsing this subreddit long enough now
context 3: ’m just sitting here , browsing NoBurp and things like that

term: stating
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: state
context 1: every few months . Since stating the exercise I 've had
context 2: his office 10 minutes ago stating that he has another “
context 3: deal out of this , stating that even one bite of

term: P.S.
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: p.s.
context 1: with getting less gas ! P.S. Since getting the Botox I
context 2: hiccup due to gas ? P.S. I 'm so happy I
context 3: struggles with it daily . P.S. I gave my life to

term: Nose
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: nose
context 1: Kuderer , DO Ear , Nose & Throat Park Nicollet Clinic
context 2: are emetophobes how was the Nose Endoscopy experience ? Making me
context 3: reduction . I have Empty Nose Syndrome ) … Having ENS

term: Park
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: park
context 1: Ear , Nose & Throat Park Nicollet Clinic and Specialty Center
context 2: and Specialty Center St. Louis Park MN 3800 Park Nicollet Blvd
context 3: St. Louis Park MN 3800 Park Nicollet Blvd , Saint Louis

term: TW
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: tw
context 1: TW / eating disorders - Any
context 2: Relearning how to burp ( TW )
context 3: TW : If you ’re weird

term: Patient
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: patient
context 1: Another Dr. Bastian Patient ( # 72 ) !
context 2: Bastian Botox Patient # 150
context 3: Patient # 161 My wife ’s

term: settles
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: settle
context 1: of whether after the botox settles if I will be back
context 2: the next morning when it settles down . I ’d have
context 3: effect but I hope this settles quickly 🤞🏼 Day 3 :

term: NJ
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: nj
context 1: Botox but I live in NJ right near NYC so flying
context 2: success with doctors in the NJ / NY / PA /
context 3: the procedure . NYC / NJ Area . My employer offers

term: dressed
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: dress
context 1: of annoyed once I got dressed and had an IV stuck
context 2: back and helped me get dressed when I was able to
context 3: someone called me . Got dressed in the gown and greeted

term: Highly
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: highly
context 1: of getting the runaround . Highly recommend .
context 2: was very very nice !! Highly recommend . The nurses come
context 3: clinic with Lucy Hicklin . Highly recommend . Process was straightforward

term: entering
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: enter
context 1: many ways ! I 'm entering my late 20s and live
context 2: mass amounts of air from entering . does this happen to
context 3: Since entering my third trimester I burp

term: Relax
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: relax
context 1: n't make any noise . Relax it to an extreme ,
context 2: keeping ur body back . Relax your shoulders . Then someone
context 3: feel your throat lengthening . Relax the throat as you do

term: adams
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: adam
context 1: messaged my neck around the adams apple . These techniques both
context 2: the skin just below your adams apple out . I tried
context 3: ? : Adding pressure on adams apple Summary : - Happened

term: Called
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: call
context 1: I was feeling better . Called out of work today so
context 2: to work at it . Called the Nurse Line with my
context 3: since I was 12 . Called BUPA today to see if

term: maintaining
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: maintain
context 1: 'll have a harder time maintaining the burps on my own
context 2: the bottom jaw forward , maintaining a lazy , lax tongue
context 3: . She is gaining and maintaining her weight . I am

term: Hopkins
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: hopkins
context 1: Baltimore , MD at Johns Hopkins with Dr. Akst . He
context 2: Johns Hopkins R - CPD Review
context 3: time as bad gurgles ... Hopkins website has a history of

term: intrigued
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: intrigue
context 1: GP was very understanding and intrigued about the condition . I
context 2: The talk of Shaker exercises intrigued me , and I am
context 3: was young . I 'm intrigued to read how it affects

term: undergoing
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: undergo
context 1: Around Christmas time I was undergoing a lot of GI issues
context 2: good sign . Thinking about undergoing the botox injection with Dr
context 3: volunteer coming to Milwaukee , undergoing esophageal manometry to evaluate if

term: presses
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: presse
context 1: \- chin tucks and head presses ( physiotherapy for neck issues
context 2: Shaker exercises , standing shoulder presses , meditation , experimentation then
context 3: have a brain tumor that presses on my Hypothalamus . I

term: Meanwhile
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: meanwhile
context 1: , like a burp . Meanwhile I obviously can not burp
context 2: but had no luck . Meanwhile , I just took zofran
context 3: a loud growling tummy . Meanwhile I frequently have to snack

term: corrected
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: correct
context 1: one day to get this corrected with the botox procedure ,
context 2: very happy . Edit : corrected the link
context 3: months before that issue was corrected I had very little energy

term: adjustments
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: adjustment
context 1: I had to make some adjustments . If I drink or
context 2: or had luck with neck adjustments to get your essophagus to
context 3: - Botox , and make adjustments if you have issues or

term: Along
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: along
context 1: 8oz at a time . Along with food , smaller portions
context 2: with giant upper backs . Along with that I develoepd quite
context 3: stomach hurt really bad . Along with constant gut pain ,

term: States
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: state
context 1: Botox shot in the United States .
context 2: New England / Northeastern United States area , it would be
context 3: me know ! # United States 29/50 US states has at

term: Third
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: third
context 1: my broader social sphere . Third , and most important ,
context 2: a diagnosis more difficult ? Third : I am a recent
context 3: to recognize and relax . Third , when you have a

term: Permanente
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: permanente
context 1: the Silver plan with Kaiser Permanente . But I guess that
context 2: Kaiser Permanente patient here - How the
context 3: Mi Jin Yoon at Kaiser Permanente [ https://otolaryngology.uw.edu/resident/mi-jin-yoo-md](https://otolaryngology.uw.edu/resident/mi-jin-yoo-md) source : comment

term: Looks
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: look
context 1: everyone for your input ! Looks like it ’s undecided if
context 2: body through my throat ! Looks like something 's happening down
context 3: be trying this out . Looks super easy and takes no

term: Speech
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: speech
context 1: Modified Barium Swallow with our Speech Pathologist prior to your consultation
context 2: am pursuing an MS in Speech - Language Pathology . I
context 3: to be worried about . Speech is back to normal like

term: suffocating
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: suffocate
context 1: I feel like I 'm suffocating and the acid is just
context 2: never again had such intense suffocating ( i was passing out
context 3: SOB , feels like im suffocating could it be a gas

term: flares
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: flare
context 1: front of me it really flares up . I 'm avoiding
context 2: physical work . Makes my flares last forever too . Any
context 3: that I m eating that flares it up but obviously im

term: Injection
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: injection
context 1: Injection into Cricopharyngeal Muscle by Mr
context 2: . I had my Botox Injection on the ( Monday )
context 3: ** Day 1 - Botox Injection ** I arrived at the

term: searches
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: search
context 1: lead here from some Google searches . I do n’t ever
context 2: , and a couple of searches later I found out that
context 3: short I guess , google searches on the inability to burp

term: Danlos
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: danlos
context 1: the Botox also have Ehlers Danlos Syndrome ?
context 2: I have hypermobile Ehlers Danlos Syndrome and I 'm scheduled
context 3: and diagnoses included Ehlers - Danlos , POTS , SIBO ,

term: OHSU
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: ohsu
context 1: got an Esophagram done at OHSU downtown and was told that
context 2: appointment with Dr. Schindler at OHSU in Portland , Oregon ,
context 3: I saw Dr. Schindler at OHSU a couple weeks ago and

term: clicking
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: click
context 1: time when things really start clicking ?!
context 2: of my neck sorta making clicking noises or spark as if
context 3: 1. clicking in throat 2 . difficulty

term: Truly
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: truly
context 1: that might be related ? Truly do n't know what the
context 2: emetaphobia as a kid . Truly debilitating as I 'm sure
context 3: Truly , the struggle is real

term: ripped
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: rip
context 1: like my stomach is getting ripped apart 😩
context 2: being welded together and then ripped apart and i ca n’t
context 3: normal college life is being ripped away from me by this

term: electrolytes
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: electrolyte
context 1: a lot of salts / electrolytes to help retain the water
context 2: the chemical balance of some electrolytes in my blood and to
context 3: as to not upset my electrolytes .... but it def works

term: introduced
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: introduce
context 1: see this post where I introduced them ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/1dlw4jw/rcpd_survey_in_order_to_create_a_database_need/)). I
context 2: Dr. Bastian came in , introduced himself , and went over
context 3: After being introduced to r/noburp by a friend

term: Results
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: result
context 1: it . * [ Surveys Results - Living with R -
context 2: proven . Nothing worked . Results from tests 1. ⁠ ‘
context 3: thick neck from bodybuilding . Results are good . I 'm

term: students
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: student
context 1: It 's aimed at medical students ( I 'm trying to
context 2: Call to all no burp students
context 3: I work with high school students and about 4 days after

term: Came
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: come
context 1: to rule it out . Came home and realized she wanted
context 2: interested . Day 1 - Came round in recovery with a
context 3: of times . 3 . Came in for a surgical consultation

term: identified
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: identify
context 1: community on Reddit and immediately identified with so many of the
context 2: sub years ago and immediately identified with the symptoms . I
context 3: : No cause for symptoms identified . Possible very small right

term: regretted
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: regret
context 1: I sometimes do , and regretted it immediately as my stomach
context 2: has gotten the botox procedure regretted it ?
context 3: Has anyone gotten Botox and regretted it ? ( Not for

term: Waiting
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: wait
context 1: ml botox on thursday . Waiting for my burps to come
context 2: ? " Me ; " Waiting for the gas to escape
context 3: gag with no release . Waiting for the day that I

term: Diagnosis
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: diagnosis
context 1: fail to come out ) Diagnosis for myself : variant of
context 2: to pass gas … . Diagnosis test all negative included ….
context 3: Diagnosis was confirmed . I got

term: loosing
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: lose
context 1: this must be done while loosing your entire body and sitting
context 2: throat and seem to be loosing to ability to swallow which
context 3: . I 'm worried about loosing practice next week as I

term: setting
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: setting
context 1: / alcohol in a social setting . Then about 2 months
context 2: / drinking in a social setting . Then some messy stuff
context 3: . You can also try setting your body on weird angles

term: Excited
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: excited
context 1: me ) in August ! Excited , but also a little
context 2: one week from now . Excited to see the results and
context 3: Hi there ! Excited to share my experience with

term: MP
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: mp
context 1: My MP has written to the NHS
context 2: decided to contact my local MP ( Member of Parliament )
context 3: glad to report that my MP has accepted my request and

term: raises
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: raise
context 1: I focused on Side Neck raises on my right side to
context 2: ( 2 sets of head raises for 30 seconds , then
context 3: hold and 3x 30 head raises - all this once per

term: Gluten
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: gluten
context 1: , dairy / FODMAP / Gluten dietary issues , etc .
context 2: * Soups * Pizza * Gluten * Barley It 's going
context 3: ; Diets tried : * Gluten Free * FODMAPs * Dairy

term: participating
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: participate
context 1: would people be interested in participating in a survey for Science
context 2: you may be interested in participating
context 3: responses , thank you for participating !! If you are an

term: Start
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: start
context 1: This is literally it . Start as slow as necessary ,
context 2: that might hear it . Start over a sink , run
context 3: that might hear it . Start over a sink , run

term: airways
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: airway
context 1: If you think of your airways like a water hose ,
context 2: I think its because my airways are opening up for once
context 3: caused by narrow / restricted airways . I thought it was

term: THC
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: thc
context 1: Study about THC ’s esophageal side effects (
context 2: extreme noburp symptoms when using THC in any form ? I
context 3: I regularly take Delta 9 THC gummies for sleep or recreation

term: contracts
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: contract
context 1: " , like my throat contracts and I make this "
context 2: to , but my throat contracts and it turns into a
context 3: type noise while my throat contracts gas through my vocal chords

term: stressing
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: stress
context 1: Serious question ... I 'm stressing the #$ % out .
context 2: outliers lol I 'm just stressing that because I did n't
context 3: but when I 'm not stressing I do n't have these

term: adjusted
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: adjust
context 1: I ate or how I adjusted my diet . Of course
context 2: . I 've also drastically adjusted my eating schedule , and
context 3: tract . - The chiropractor adjusted me and from that day

term: McHugh
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: mchugh
context 1: recommend my doctor , Dr. McHugh at Kaiser in Sacramento .
context 2: who has had Dr. Richard McHugh and can help me get
context 3: Dell , Jin Yoon , McHugh , Verma ) and had

term: milder
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: mild
context 1: . And I have a milder case of RCPD so I
context 2: Anyone else ’s symptoms became milder after having a rapid weight
context 3: but is there anyone with milder symptoms that 's also sought

term: positioned
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: position
context 1: way that my neck was positioned so I started positioning myself
context 2: swallowed and the scope was positioned where I felt it when
context 3: mark and where it gets positioned as I found it interested

term: suppressed
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: suppress
context 1: instinctually , but it was suppressed deep down . My body
context 2: suspect us fellow non-burpers have suppressed this ability since childhood .
context 3: least for me , just suppressed . Dig for it ,

term: Austria
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: austria
context 1: best regards from Vienna / Austria
context 2: the Netherlands , Germany , Austria , and Italy before heading
context 3: Austria

term: Thing
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: thing
context 1: my DR ordered Bloodwork . Thing is , I have n't
context 2: five or six drinks . Thing is , by that time
context 3: the botox side effects . Thing is i had 100 ml

term: contracted
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: contract
context 1: gag reflex that is constantly contracted ( I assume this is
context 2: and the pectoral muscle is contracted . The lower trapezoid and
context 3: up , ** my throat contracted involuntarily and a burp slipped

term: deflated
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: deflate
context 1: morning when I ’m “ deflated ” . I ca n’t
context 2: day , I ’m never deflated . He said a lot
context 3: , my organs are so deflated I can feel them TOUCHING

term: responds
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: respond
context 1: . 2 ) And he responds with : Yes of course
context 2: . 4 ) Then he responds to me with that :
context 3: in advance to anyone who responds !

term: formed
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: form
context 1: premature and apparently something never formed correctly inside my throat .
context 2: I have made having normal formed regular bowel movements , the
context 3: like the right neuron pathways formed and I could do it

term: B.
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: b.
context 1: Round 2 YESTERDAY with Dr. B. This time - 125 units
context 2: . I spoke to Dr B. before the procedure and she
context 3: burp , even with carbonation B. I have always been able

term: BEFORE
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: before
context 1: 33333 AND ACTUALLY GET DRUNK BEFORE I FEEL LIKE A BLOATED
context 2: to force your larynx down BEFORE the burp is in the
context 3: . ( Afternoon ) DO BEFORE YOU TAKE YOUR DAILY PILLS

term: Mind
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: mind
context 1: this is a condition . Mind officially BLOWN . So many
context 2: prefer the rear exit . Mind you , I never had
context 3: I finally got it . Mind you , it does n't

term: Upon
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: upon
context 1: being able to burp . Upon checking out my throat they
context 2: 45 minutes I believe . Upon waking up I had a
context 3: times throughout the years . Upon a quick glance through posts

term: mods
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: mod
context 1: it 's fine with the mods , feel free to reply
context 2: here ( thank you , mods ! ) . &#x200B ;
context 3: ask , if not - mods are welcome to take it

term: Amsterdam
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: amsterdam
context 1: by Dr. Jurjaan Snelleman in Amsterdam ?
context 2: for me to travel to Amsterdam and get the surgery done
context 3: ** * The Netherlands --- Amsterdam : Dr. Jurjaan Snelleman -

term: Daily
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: daily
context 1: ! My pre-botox symptoms : Daily nausea , loud gurgles ,
context 2: ; ** CONCLUSIONS :** - Daily R - CPD Stretches resulted
context 3: Bastian quote ) " Severe Daily Misery " . Some of

term: Mailly
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: mailly
context 1: the treatment from Dr. Marie Mailly in Paris ( after an
context 2: in Strasbourg ) . Dr. Mailly is bookable vía Doctolib but
context 3: email address for Dr Marie Mailly in Paris , please ?

term: Vodka
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: vodka
context 1: Vodka , lime cordial and still
context 2: Clear mucous causing NB . Vodka fixed it , but I
context 3: Just go for Gin or Vodka , those 2 are the

term: possibilities
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: possibility
context 1: and has some tips and possibilities which improve the whole thing
context 2: and I like to consider possibilities . I am not saying
context 3: tests to rule out other possibilities . It seems there are

term: reacting
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: react
context 1: everyone thinks I 'm over reacting or says " just fart
context 2: the way my throat was reacting to swallowing and what not
context 3: about how my body is reacting . I know it 's

term: https://imgur.com/G8AVKFQ)\]
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: https://imgur.com/g8avkfq)\]
context 1: [ [ I ] ( https://imgur.com/G8AVKFQ)\] [ 2019 survey ] (
context 2: [ [ I ] ( https://imgur.com/G8AVKFQ)\] [ 2019 survey ] (
context 3: [ [ 1 ] ( https://imgur.com/G8AVKFQ)\] [ 2019 survey ] (

term: Jag
frequency: 21
lemmatized_to: jag
context 1: Jag läste den tråden . Ska
context 2: endast ett litet nålstick . Jag ska dit nu på måndag
context 3: Jag har hört att det finns

term: Growing
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: grow
context 1: Growing up , my dad ,
context 2: ~ 20 years old . Growing up , I had terrible
context 3: when i was younger . Growing up though , sodas became

term: items
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: item
context 1: was broken down into 3 items , 2 of which were
context 2: seat and brought my personal items and clothes in . I
context 3: . The radiologists noticed that items of food ( bolus )

term: Western
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: western
context 1: Chicago ( I 'm in Western New York ) . I
context 2: !!!! I ’m in Perth Western Australia and ca n’t seem
context 3: 🤞🏻having this done in Perth Western Australia btw . CAN NOT

term: enlarged
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: enlarge
context 1: Has anyone else had an enlarged stomach or ever heard of
context 2: told my esophagus was very enlarged so it may take up
context 3: since my thyroid gland was enlarged . Fast forward to today

term: NoBurpers
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: noburper
context 1: Hey NoBurpers . I 'd always assumed
context 2: 's a big crossover between NoBurpers and Emetephobes . I 'm
context 3: all you acid reflux suffering NoBurpers some hope : I ’m

term: Left
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: left
context 1: as a NoBurper . :: Left Dr. Bastian a voicemail :
context 2: researching . I noticed my Left side of my neck was
context 3: breakfast due to coughing . Left work due to more uncontrollable

term: colds
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: cold
context 1: out . I loathe getting colds for this reason . I
context 2: I 've had plenty of colds with far worse sore throats
context 3: have had about 3 bad colds since then and each time

term: Matthew
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: matthew
context 1: thumping their pressurised chests like Matthew McConaughey in that weird humming
context 2: ) , Queensland : Dr. Matthew Broadhurst - source : [
context 3: ) , Queensland : Dr. Matthew Broadhurst ** No doctors near

term: blessed
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: bless
context 1: , but they 've been blessed with the digestive systems of
context 2: Instead , I ’ve been blessed with the ability to “
context 3: ! I 'm feeling truly blessed right now , going to

term: Aetna
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: aetna
context 1: cover it ? I have Aetna . Also , where was
context 2: Aetna Coverage ?
context 3: Thursday but my insurance ( Aetna ) has denied multiple appeals

term: repaired
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: repair
context 1: diaphragm , the diaphragm is repaired , and the top of
context 2: diaphragm , the diaphragm is repaired , and the top of
context 3: where I had 2 hernias repaired and my muscles sewn back

term: lodged
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: lodg
context 1: food would become stuck or lodged in the esophagus with no
context 2: food would become stuck or lodged in the esophagus with no
context 3: also discovered leafy vegetables get lodged in my throat and had

term: stands
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: stand
context 1: consider referring me as it stands . He said he would
context 2: So … “ KTC ” stands for “ Kiss the ceiling
context 3: aint functioning right . CPD stands for * Cricopharyngeus * ,

term: loves
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: love
context 1: warren . Godspeed , my loves . PS . When I
context 2: , he told me he loves learning new things he is
context 3: And anyone who loves a drink and a night

term: rumbling
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: rumbling
context 1: the gurgling and rumbling is so bad its pushing
context 2: gone and your stomach is rumbling . 90 % of the
context 3: from my stomach ( queue rumbling noise ) . Then do

term: Unlike
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: unlike
context 1: burping the alphabet etc . Unlike many of the posters here
context 2: it ’ll happen again . Unlike last time it gave me
context 3: a 30 y/o male . Unlike many of you , I

term: exacerbating
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: exacerbate
context 1: really sucks because it is exacerbating the problem . If you
context 2: air when I swallow , exacerbating the bloating problem . Does
context 3: I think this blockage is exacerbating or even causing my IBS

term: crossing
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: cross
context 1: soon , and I 'm crossing my fingers that I wo
context 2: little apprehensive . I am crossing all of my phalanges that
context 3: swallowing issues but I ’m crossing my fingers this fixes 30

term: PLEASE
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: please
context 1: GET OUT OF MY THROAT PLEASE " and panicking and crying
context 2: IN OUR COUNTRY , SO PLEASE TAKE ADVANTAGE . Secondly ,
context 3: I ca n't burp . PLEASE tell me it 's not

term: anxieties
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: anxiety
context 1: R-CPD procedure anxieties
context 2: had SO many questions and anxieties that ranged from absolutely ridiculous
context 3: sub 😂 I shared my anxieties about the procedure , especially

term: graduated
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: graduate
context 1: year old woman who just graduated college with a BFA in
context 2: R - CPD ?** I graduated from college three months ago
context 3: two . They have since graduated to more significant burps ,

term: reminding
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: remind
context 1: past the feeling of it reminding me of throwing up .
context 2: come naturally . I keep reminding myself it 's only been
context 3: as long as I 'm reminding myself to do it .

term: TOO
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: too
context 1: ( YOU CAN HAVE THIS TOO , CANADIANS )
context 2: YOU HAVE THE FROG NOISES TOO ?? I always thought the
context 3: never really read into it TOO much or joined . Tonight

term: d
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: would
context 1: was going to try a d use as much of that
context 2: the care I receive ( d ) is / was disappointing
context 3: ** test : vitamins like d , a , b12 ,

term: Initial
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: initial
context 1: if anyone has it . Initial consult , preop ( telemedicine
context 2: not doing so . ** Initial examinations ** About 1,5 years
context 3: Initial Consult with Dr. Jun Lin

term: handling
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: handle
context 1: or how they have been handling this
context 2: excited that my body is handling gas from other things that
context 3: How are you guys handling bloat ?

term: hooked
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: hook
context 1: to do . He even hooked me up with a speech
context 2: pepcid , and get me hooked up to an IV .
context 3: and laid down , was hooked up to a heart rate

term: Appreciate
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: appreciate
context 1: is it a coincidence ? Appreciate any help on this !
context 2: 40 % myself ) . Appreciate any info you have 😎😎
context 3: info about your experience . Appreciate your time !

term: reflexes
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: reflexe
context 1: was little I got gag reflexes whenever someone burped . I
context 2: as those with functional belch reflexes . And that ’s okay
context 3: to not engage in these reflexes ( mainly the lifting and

term: frustrated
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: frustrated
context 1: July and I was extremely frustrated and thought about it all
context 2: to manage . I 'm frustrated that I 've been dealing
context 3: month where I got so frustrated I stuck my fingers down

term: Crohn
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: crohn
context 1: into IBS , IBD , Crohn ’s , hypothyroidism , PCOS
context 2: think I was misdiagnosed with Crohn 's when most my symptoms
context 3: Crohn 's Disease

term: Oct
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: october
context 1: was 20 ( this was Oct / Nov 2020 ) and
context 2: appointment set for surgery in Oct . I 'm nervous and
context 3: of about 3 months ( Oct - Dec ) of this

term: pays
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: pay
context 1: a great feeling when it pays off . Over the past
context 2: could tell that it definitely pays off to practice ! Gotta
context 3: faisant ça dans un autre pays , si il faut faire

term: occurring
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: occur
context 1: if there ’s something different occurring along with it . I
context 2: an absorption issue could be occurring with this condition . My
context 3: to . When it is occurring it disrupts everything that I

term: gatherings
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: gathering
context 1: restaurants , or at social gatherings . I could take a
context 2: , work , and social gatherings because of this . Okay
context 3: , so at late night gatherings , I 'm often running

term: Tonight
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: tonight
context 1: ca n’t expand anymore . Tonight I drank 4 hard teas
context 2: gotten so much worse . Tonight , I literally feel like
context 3: Water still fixes everything . Tonight was the first night that

term: interactions
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: interaction
context 1: with the condition and its interactions with ADHD medication , I
context 2: potential side effects and drug interactions and consult your doctor .
context 3: does nt know of any interactions with adderall and excess gas

term: retained
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: retain
context 1: on how many people have retained their ability to burp .
context 2: my body seems to have retained the practice . My husband
context 3: Hopefully my throat has almost retained it and just needs another

term: USC
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: usc
context 1: . Dr. O'Dell and the USC Keck nurses were all just
context 2: week with Dr. O'Dell through USC Keck . She 's been
context 3: with Dr. O’ Dell at USC . It was either 80

term: Appointment
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: appointment
context 1: Appointment booked with Ms Lucy Hicklin
context 2: Appointment with Dr. Jennifer Anderson
context 3: morning with Lucy Hicklin . Appointment lasted 45 minutes , talked

term: guided
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: guide
context 1: I understand that the EMG guided , in office injections are
context 2: weeks I have also started guided meditation and shaker exercises but
context 3: Bastion Voice Institute 's website guided me through the insurance process

term: NOW
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: now
context 1: SO !!! I CAN BURP NOW ! around october 2023 I
context 2: WE HAVE A WHOLE DIAGNOSIS NOW ? When I read the
context 3: . Few months later : NOW I BURP ALOT . Like

term: pouring
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: pour
context 1: Earlier my brother caught me pouring a beer into a cup
context 2: - i ’ve noticed that pouring beer / seltzer ’s /
context 3: through yet , so just pouring salt on the wound .

term: PH
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: ph
context 1: count Colonic manometry Anal manometry PH impedence Colonoscopy x 2 Laparoscopy
context 2: reflux since it lowers the PH level of my stomach acid
context 3: pantoprazole ’ to control the PH of my stomach . 6

term: exaggerated
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: exaggerate
context 1: putting it into ( an exaggerated ) state of proper alignment
context 2: as if you have an exaggerated under - bite of your
context 3: up . It was quite exaggerated , and I ’d stick

term: locked
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: lock
context 1: this page before commenting was locked . I ca n't believe
context 2: while keeping your throat " locked . " That 's (
context 3: , while keeping your trachea locked , will hopefully help push

term: rushing
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: rush
context 1: I think because I ’m rushing they just wo n’t come
context 2: and were n’t rushed or rushing . Dr. Mortensen reiterated what
context 3: , until one day after rushing through a super greasy Chinese

term: vibrations
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: vibration
context 1: Drinks along with the bass vibrations completely crippled me , and
context 2: little longer than the micro- vibrations ** ( still not a
context 3: I think it was the vibrations . The plane was just

term: clears
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: clear
context 1: or so , and it clears up . This time it
context 2: my running habit until it clears up , there are worse
context 3: known to man til it clears up !!

term: newer
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: new
context 1: the information is a little newer . I was hoping to
context 2: , etc . But a newer symptom that 's a bit
context 3: is being taught to the newer ENT doctors . Thoughts on

term: Gerd
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: gerd
context 1: take omazerpole , focus on Gerd , give a stool sample
context 2: because the old ibs and Gerd diagnoses did n't yield any
context 3: . I had long had Gerd and what seemed to me

term: requiring
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: require
context 1: For people requiring a second botox injection ,
context 2: as it seems to be requiring more effort to get any
context 3: constipation for several months ( requiring citracel daily fiber powder and

term: em
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: they
context 1: like 200 gurglers and put em in a room with a
context 2: fez o tratamento com botox em Porto Alegre / RS com
context 3: procurem Otorrinos que sejam especialistas em laringe e voz . Pra

term: HMO
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: hmo
context 1: out of network for my HMO plan , but I got
context 2: I could navigate through my HMO plan here in LA and
context 3: ( I ’m with an HMO ) to find a doctor

term: AFTER
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: after
context 1: able to burp , even AFTER I stopped taking it and
context 2: me advice . Notes : AFTER BOTOX the first time :
context 3: Anyone else dealt with this AFTER the procedure ?

term: targeted
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: target
context 1: , and also particularly exercises targeted towards by upper abs --
context 2: how to burp . Generally targeted at burping newbies . I
context 3: these specific conditions , getting targeted and silenced ? You could

term: Wine
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: wine
context 1: Wine is a pretty good non-carbonated
context 2: what I 've become . Wine , whiskey , I can
context 3: * Lemonade * Alcohol * Wine * Beer * Whiskey *

term: mushrooms
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: mushroom
context 1: took a bunch of magic mushrooms . My friend did too
context 2: n't go OD on magic mushrooms and do n't go punching
context 3: with noburp interfering with magic mushrooms ? I have emetophobia so

term: disappointed
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: disappointed
context 1: at all . I was disappointed to say the least .
context 2: and counting . I am disappointed to have been experiencing some
context 3: off , but I 'm disappointed that burping alone is n't

term: calms
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: calm
context 1: scared to practice until it calms down , probably at the
context 2: that helps prevent them or calms them down ? I guess
context 3: a breathing exercise so it calms you once you finish .

term: ORL
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: orl
context 1: rcpd . I saw many ORL , several hours away from
context 2: Hicklin Consultant ENT , FRCS ORL H&N . I am a
context 3: Hicklin Consultant ENT , FRCS ORL H&N . I am a

term: subs
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: sub
context 1: of any in different language subs or elsewhere , please do
context 2: is n’t to get more subs or anything like that it
context 3: did find them using this subs map , so thank you

term: Medicaid
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: medicaid
context 1: baby ... My insurance ( Medicaid ) covered all the surgery
context 2: ? We are on Mississippi Medicaid , and I ca n't
context 3: Also , that way Mississippi Medicaid might cover it for those

term: Duke
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: duke
context 1: experience with the docs at Duke ENT that apparently do this
context 2: Cohen ( ENT ) at Duke Raleigh to see him about
context 3: by Dr. Seth Cohen at Duke in Raleigh , NC .

term: Granada
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: granada
context 1: Noburp subreddit * Spain --- Granada : Dr. Javier Olóriz -
context 2: Noburp subreddit * Spain --- Granada : Dr. Javier Olóriz **
context 3: ( Dr Oloriz , in Granada )

term: Amazing
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: amazing
context 1: community in 4 years . Amazing and inspiring to see all
context 2: " r/ noburp " . Amazing . Maybe I have something
context 3: in - network . ( Amazing , I thought ) .

term: scrolling
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: scroll
context 1: gurgles . I ’ve been scrolling for a little bit but
context 2: I 've been scrolling through lots of posts during
context 3: few days ago I was scrolling on tiktok n came across

term: invited
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: invite
context 1: " All ENT specialists are invited to a symposium next week
context 2: R - CPD symptoms are invited to participate . Our survey
context 3: the day but some friends invited me and I ’m looking

term: bathrooms
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: bathroom
context 1: to do so in university bathrooms and restaurants . Had a
context 2: air vomiting in the bar bathrooms . When the gurgling is
context 3: tummy , lying down in bathrooms after big meals to try

term: safer
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: safe
context 1: started thinking of other similar safer methods and remembered I have
context 2: and I generally feel way safer and more comfortable with female
context 3: . It 's a bit safer if I have since there

term: Different
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: different
context 1: things to fix it . Different types of drink did n't
context 2: for day surgery . ( Different location from Dr. Bastian ’s
context 3: causing these flair ups . Different ways of eating without swallowing

term: Poor
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: poor
context 1: and " weird . " Poor kid . We have every
context 2: burp so much now . Poor me oh my god .
context 3: - related tissue damage . Poor liquid clearance – Liquid sometimes

term: dinners
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: dinner
context 1: on dates , during family dinners , bars , and barbecues
context 2: have always been miserable after dinners and I fart A LOT
context 3: expecting it . Mostly after dinners , and also involuntarily like

term: collapsed
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: collapse
context 1: breathe for a second and collapsed in my bathroom
context 2: Anybody else suffered from a collapsed lung ?- I burped for
context 3: from a spontaneous pneumothorax ( collapsed lung ) Whilst this absolutely

term: NICE
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: nice
context 1: to treat RCPD by national NICE guidelines , the only way
context 2: side , I 've contacted NICE ( The National Institute for
context 3: Both of them were SO NICE and listened to my concerns

term: engaging
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: engage
context 1: command ” and have trouble engaging muscles to push out burps
context 2: using the throat muscles without engaging the stomach muscles & getting
context 3: I had difficulty breathing and engaging in conversation , followed by

term: implies
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: imply
context 1: for most people with age implies not burping for decades causes
context 2: me problems like the sub implies that it does for people
context 3: Hi , as the title implies .... just curious about 1

term: dropping
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: drop
context 1: point where his weight is dropping rapidly and dangerously . Thank
context 2: . I ’ve also been dropping enormous bombs that clog every
context 3: broke and ca n’t imagine dropping the whole 3,900 right now

term: ECG
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: ecg
context 1: ( blood pressure cuff , ECG electrodes , oxygen finger pin
context 2: weight and I got an ECG for my heart . This
context 3: the past and had multiple ECG scans . More was supposed

term: botoxed
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: botox
context 1: inhaling anything down a newly botoxed throat might come with some
context 2: to go up to my botoxed UES if I get the
context 3: choking than the un - botoxed population . ( You CAN

term: Ruysdael
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: ruysdael
context 1: from my GP at the Ruysdael clinic in the Netherlands after
context 2: the past year . The Ruysdael clinic 's " Kunt u
context 3: to Dr. Snelleman at the Ruysdael clinic ( big shoutout to

term: Stress
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: stress
context 1: sickness . I think Olly Stress gummies help somewhat as well
context 2: running and racing miserable . Stress makes everything worse , especially
context 3: a fool . \- ** Stress / Anxiety -** when I

term: Sharma
frequency: 20
lemmatized_to: sharma
context 1: Dr Anil Sharma in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan ,
context 2: for Botox from Dr Anil Sharma in Saskatoon ( my family
context 3: family dr referred me to Sharma because I told him I

term: AMA
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: ama
context 1: Bastian 's Botox procedure , AMA
context 2: is open to doing an AMA !
context 3: they were interested in an AMA with him . He said

term: digging
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: digg
context 1: be checking your breath or digging a pair of glasses .
context 2: months . So I 'm digging deeper through this period .
context 3: bolder up a hill or digging a grave with a spoon

term: CCG
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: ccg
context 1: now . Hopefully my local CCG approves my GP ’s request
context 2: NHS Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG ) with my email attached
context 3: campaign update - reply from CCG

term: Louis
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: louis
context 1: Clinic and Specialty Center St. Louis Park MN 3800 Park Nicollet
context 2: Park Nicollet Blvd , Saint Louis Park , MN 55416-2527 952-993-3123
context 3: James E. Kuderer in St. Louis Park , MN . Does

term: counting
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: count
context 1: away from the surgery and counting down the days to relief
context 2: morning . I 've been counting down the days ... I
context 3: Burps - 43 years and counting

term: Making
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: make
context 1: that all is normal . Making plenty of microburps , absolutely
context 2: the Nose Endoscopy experience ? Making me kind of nervous .
context 3: few gulps of water . Making everything so uncomfortable , feeling

term: prepped
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: prepp
context 1: very friendly and got me prepped and ready for the operation
context 2: . The next day they prepped me for surgery , and
context 3: not as bad as I prepped myself for . Ate pancakes

term: Test
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: test
context 1: Motility Test ?
context 2: ( Barium Swallow , Motility Test , Gastroscopy ) and all
context 3: ) - Normal * Breath Test / H. pylori Test -

term: Soda
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: soda
context 1: Homemade Cream Soda
context 2: Soda vs no soda ?
context 3: in symptoms . I tried Soda and Kombucha for the carbonation

term: attended
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: attend
context 1: exactly what the procedure I attended was for , they returned
context 2: of college . We frequently attended events of all sorts that
context 3: . Over the years I attended college , started a career

term: Smith
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: smith
context 1: same office as Dr Marshall Smith that has been mentioned here
context 2: by another poster that Dr Smith is a personal friend of
context 3: Dr. Marshall Smith in SLC

term: gums
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: gum
context 1: teeth , I checked my gums and it did n't look
context 2: of my mouth near my gums and just rushes in .
context 3: hard hiccup . Same for gums . And I do n't

term: weighed
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: weigh
context 1: by 59 years old I weighed 360 pounds . When I
context 2: It worked so good I weighed 360 pounds by age 60
context 3: bites . I have n’t weighed myself , but I appear

term: National
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: national
context 1: want to hear , the National Anthem , America the Beautiful
context 2: with an NHS ( UK National Health Service ) ENT consultant
context 3: and that there is a National Institute of Health paper suggesting

term: diminished
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: diminish
context 1: My inability to burp has diminished my quality of life .
context 2: neck and throat is significantly diminished and now I ’m not
context 3: With age , the laughter diminished and the burping also ...

term: bruised
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: bruise
context 1: had no voice and a bruised feeling down my torso .
context 2: - but also feels very bruised on top of that sensation
context 3: top of my stomach is bruised . This makes me really

term: Easy
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: easy
context 1: How to Burp Loud Easy Burp Tutorial Air Swallowing
context 2: Easy as piss
context 3: midnight until my exam . Easy . What about water though

term: EKG
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: ekg
context 1: ran some basic tests ( EKG , blood test , urine
context 2: Pre -operative lab tests / EKG before botox procedure ?
context 3: panels ) , and an EKG . Then a call with

term: ON
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: on
context 1: AS LONG AS I STAY ON MY BACK OR RIGHT SIDE
context 2: A LOT THAT CAN WORK ON YOUR PROBLEM . EDIT :
context 3: with us like DUDE COME ON . When this started happening

term: handled
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: handle
context 1: just to see how I handled it ... was n't a
context 2: me but I think I handled that better than the two
context 3: look like this would be handled in my country . we

term: walls
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: wall
context 1: , which echoed off the walls of the quiet industrial street
context 2: my temper , punching the walls and screaming " JUST GET
context 3: I got ta clean the walls , ceiling , floors ,

term: repeating
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: repeat
context 1: " burp " out and repeating this about 5 times will
context 2: up and then down and repeating the process . Please if
context 3: is but substantially less than repeating the procedure . If you

term: driven
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: drive
context 1: when I could have easily driven in half the time .
context 2: mental health and has further driven my body dysmorphia . Despite
context 3: to or which I 'd driven out and becoming normal to

term: Crazy
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: crazy
context 1: been bloated with it . Crazy really . Some real trouble
context 2: and what comes out ? Crazy loud and relieving burps .
context 3: and let air out . Crazy !

term: committed
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: commit
context 1: this problem . I ’m committed to finding a solution to
context 2: Dr. Teng also seems very committed to learning more about the
context 3: . I kind of already committed to a lot of things

term: Disclaimer
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: disclaimer
context 1: 'm going to share . Disclaimer : this is all filtered
context 2: Disclaimer : probably wo n’t work
context 3: Disclaimer , I am the passenger

term: Thankyou
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: thankyou
context 1: Thankyou all for your support on
context 2: or after the procedure ? Thankyou !
context 3: a year post Botox ? Thankyou :)

term: scopes
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: scope
context 1: past decade I 've had scopes done , h pylori tests
context 2: had multiple nose / throat scopes , an MRI , a
context 3: The doctor that does the scopes told me a scope was

term: POST
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: post
context 1: on . UPDATE 1 DAY POST OP : Like some others
context 2: home . UPDATE DAY 2 POST OP : My throat is
context 3: . UPDATE STILL DAY 2 POST OP : I was just

term: spells
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: spell
context 1: I 've had 2 more spells of hiccups which I guess
context 2: . I go through " spells " where I 'm in
context 3: I ’ve been experiencing dizzy spells whenever I move too quickly

term: Broadhurst
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: broadhurst
context 1: getting the procedure with Dr Broadhurst in Spring Hill Brisbane .
context 2: his office : " Dr Broadhurst has seen patients with the
context 3: The initial consultation with Dr Broadhurst includes a videostroboscopy and the

term: sedated
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: sedate
context 1: ) . I was fully sedated and burping about 36 hours
context 2: as I had to be sedated yesterday for a sigmoidoscopy for
context 3: . Gas was administered and sedated within a few minutes .

term: journeys
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: journey
context 1: Good luck with all your journeys and if you have questions
context 2: everybody luck on their burp journeys !
context 3: 's later post - Botox journeys ! So it 's been

term: deviated
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: deviate
context 1: I also have a mild deviated septum . With all of
context 2: sleep ? I had my deviated septum corrected 1.5 yrs ago
context 3: to Rcpd and not the deviated septum . Any other rcpd

term: positives
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: positive
context 1: included but are there any positives ?
context 2: eventually it will . The positives thus far are that I
context 3: were far outweighed by the positives !

term: quitting
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: quit
context 1: What 's your experience on quitting all carbonated drinks ? Thinking
context 2: then within 3 months of quitting the occasional gargle would have
context 3: anymore ) but have been quitting on and off for past

term: cigarettes
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: cigarette
context 1: you smoke ( marijuana or cigarettes )
context 2: not . Do you smoke cigarettes ? &#x200B ; [ View
context 3: completely sober and quit smoking cigarettes . I avoid acidic foods

term: Thanksgiving
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: thanksgiving
context 1: burping ability . Eating for Thanksgiving was doable , but I
context 2: feel like I just ate Thanksgiving dinner . I 've tried
context 3: food . Day 10 : Thanksgiving ! I ate more pork

term: ignoring
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: ignore
context 1: the two bottom ones while ignoring the two top drawers .
context 2: I 'm probably just not ignoring it anymore ! .... I
context 3: exam . Very snobby and ignoring my “ never have burped

term: nicest
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: nice
context 1: Bastian ( he is the nicest and I do recommend him
context 2: She is one of the nicest and most respectful doctors I
context 3: She is also possibly the nicest , kindest human being alive

term: tracking
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: track
context 1: knows . I ’ve been tracking my progress on a YouTube
context 2: the procedure and I am tracking my progress here : [
context 3: this time . I ’m tracking my progress again on a

term: vibes
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: vibe
context 1: I ’ll take any good vibes and success stories !!!
context 2: last night - send good vibes ) . During during some
context 3: Please send good vibes I am getting my botox

term: EXACTLY
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: exactly
context 1: , and realized it sounds EXACTLY THE SAME to what I
context 2: issues and it sounded like EXACTLY what I was dealing with
context 3: success . Not sure how EXACTLY I was able to do

term: Mainly
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: mainly
context 1: some mini mouth voms . Mainly the burps have consolidated into
context 2: is going to explode . Mainly can only be on my
context 3: 1 - Already burping . Mainly in rhythmic bursts - not

term: rested
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: rest
context 1: more air then if it rested on the roof of my
context 2: I do n’t feel well rested even after a good 8
context 3: our hotel and I just rested the rest of the day

term: sites
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: site
context 1: right spots ( two injection sites for round 2 ) .
context 2: of botox and four injection sites , and , well ,
context 3: is posted on a few sites but none of them include

term: Cohen
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: cohen
context 1: tried to schedule with Dr. Cohen and the lady who called
context 2: to get in with Dr. Cohen ? I do nt wan
context 3: got an appointment with Dr. Cohen ( ENT ) at Duke

term: trains
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: train
context 1: vomit / burp this way trains your UES to burp without
context 2: seems to be that it trains your throat to learn how
context 3: ICE ( fast - travel trains in germany ) taking \

term: teas
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: tea
context 1: Tonight I drank 4 hard teas / lemonades ( no bubbles
context 2: feel when I typically order teas that causes them a lot
context 3: can handle but all black teas i cant 2 . All

term: bursts
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: burst
context 1: that happen in short little bursts that can last an indefinite
context 2: burping . Mainly in rhythmic bursts - not resembling a normie
context 3: in very short , light bursts ? This may all be

term: Practice
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: practice
context 1: Australia ( Emergency / General Practice ) who has had "
context 2: intense then throwing up . Practice outside , incase you do
context 3: how your throat moves . Practice in front of a mirror

term: yr
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: year
context 1: time lurker here ( 21 yr old female ) and first
context 2: get better ?? My 17 yr old son did it the
context 3: I 'm a 20 yr old femlae and I 've

term: ladies
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: lady
context 1: Yes lads and ladies , So finally booked in
context 2: question is mainly for the ladies ... I just found out
context 3: with increasing control summoned a ladies ’ man in me .

term: Hahaha
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: hahaha
context 1: God helped as well ? Hahaha , just theorizing .
context 2: you guys would understand . Hahaha I ’ve been trying to
context 3: Hahaha I used to be so

term: cents
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: cent
context 1: similar or have a two cents to share ? Thanks !
context 2: had to throw my two cents in the community pot .
context 3: but here are my 2 cents . I see this recommendation

term: exaggerating
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: exaggerate
context 1: of life I ’m not exaggerating . Like as soon as
context 2: my whole life . Not exaggerating . It was the start
context 3: life ( again , not exaggerating ) . Felt proud ,

term: BBC
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: bbc
context 1: contact details , a recent BBC News article , the change.org
context 2: BBC interview with Dr Karagama
context 3: BBC Radio 4 highlights this condition

term: instructed
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: instruct
context 1: against my throat , and instructed me to basically tilt my
context 2: acid reflux and he was instructed to stay away from overly
context 3: Dr. Hoesli , and she instructed me to get a big

term: Twitter
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: twitter
context 1: i have a Quora and Twitter account but i do nt
context 2: trouble getting my butt off Twitter and back to work sometimes
context 3: NoBurp story blew up on Twitter . There are DOZENS of

term: floating
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: float
context 1: symptoms of Coeliac is “ floating stools ” . I experience
context 2: that it 's not all floating up my throat . Eventually
context 3: lightheaded like my head was floating . I 've never experienced

term: Sitting
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: sit
context 1: know you all understand . Sitting here now and my stomach
context 2: Sitting in the GI patient room
context 3: in the long run . Sitting hunched over will trap gas

term: cuts
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: cut
context 1: Knew to expect a few cuts so not surprised . Just
context 2: ’m also wary of short cuts to diagnosis . I can
context 3: , is a diet that cuts out foods that tend to

term: socks
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: sock
context 1: change into the gown , socks , hair net and new
context 2: . I got fuzzy grippy socks , heated blankets , and
context 3: some special no - slip socks ( kept my normal undies

term: preparing
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: prepare
context 1: goes well but I ’m preparing myself for it not to
context 2: , I ’m thinking of preparing the following : - wedge
context 3: time should I be mentally preparing to take off of work

term: applies
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: apply
context 1: complete this survey if it applies to you .
context 2: find a doctor soon who applies Botox here in Brazil !
context 3: enough to know if this applies to everybody , but in

term: ailments
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: ailment
context 1: I hope people with other ailments look at this group as
context 2: Her heels Days spent navigating ailments we 'll examine later Spun
context 3: else has suffered the same ailments simultaneously like me ?!

term: Prof
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: prof
context 1: Maybe worth raising it with Prof Sandhu - Paediatric ENT (
context 2: got it done yesterday with Prof . Dr. Hess in Hamburg
context 3: I made my appointment with Prof Daniel Novakovic ! Consultation :

term: Know
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: know
context 1: Know if Navitus approves Botox for
context 2: just watch The Devil We Know on Netflix and it will
context 3: every symptom on the wheel Know it sounds stupid but it

term: scenarios
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: scenario
context 1: also kept mentioning worst case scenarios that she had seen from
context 2: what butterfly effect - esque scenarios took place that put you
context 3: what 's happening ! Common scenarios that trigger it are :

term: growling
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: growling
context 1: . Even when empty and growling . It at times radiate
context 2: weird cross between the " growling noises " that we no
context 3: to burp ? the " growling " ? Well , weirdly

term: Weirdly
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: weirdly
context 1: brings me to today . Weirdly , today I am having
context 2: discomfort and physical pain . Weirdly , however , I do
context 3: is a little better . Weirdly , coffee is the best

term: questioned
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: question
context 1: I was quite sceptic and questioned a bit further , bit
context 2: years ago , I never questioned my inability to burp .
context 3: feel extremely bloated but never questioned that either , just thinking

term: nails
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: nail
context 1: am sat upright painting my nails , random I know lol
context 2: work ( I have long nails so next time I will
context 3: tasks ; like doing my nails , and completely giving up

term: mixers
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: mixer
context 1: I drink spirits with fizzy mixers . I can not make
context 2: / rum with 0 carbonated mixers ( think pineapple juice ,
context 3: pints or spirit with fizzy mixers I have to stop very

term: Tongue
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: tongue
context 1: though :-) Day 5 - Tongue is killing me , not
context 2: every single day . “ Tongue holds ” can be the
context 3: else here suffer from Geographic Tongue ? ( patchy tongue )

term: fasted
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: fast
context 1: myself . Since I had fasted up until the appointment ,
context 2: getting this hypersalivation I water fasted for three full days in
context 3: the first flight , I fasted for over 12 hours ,

term: Andrew
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: andrew
context 1: doctors experience and Add Dr. Andrew Tkaczuk , MD to Wiki
context 2: info is below : [ Andrew Tkaczuk , MD ] (
context 3: procedure in Atlanta with Dr. Andrew Tkaczuk at Emory . In

term: Brazil
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: brazil
context 1: Anyone from Brazil in this community ?
context 2: America are the two in Brazil ( in São Paulo and
context 3: who applies Botox here in Brazil ! ( Sorry for my

term: therapists
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: therapist
context 1: worn off , that speech therapists could develop a proper treatment
context 2: Just wondering how many massage therapists are out there with this
context 3: dieticians , psychologists and physical therapists who could n't figure out

term: Between
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: between
context 1: back of my throat . Between the first two , I
context 2: to prevent scratching ) . Between bouts of shaking , I
context 3: bigger this time . ( Between these two successful attempts ,

term: thrilled
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: thrilled
context 1: out . I 'm rather thrilled with the progress already showing
context 2: again ) I ’m so thrilled . I need to practice
context 3: . I am reaallyyy not thrilled about these tests as my

term: hiding
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: hide
context 1: am obviously an expert at hiding this and I ’m scared
context 2: belly in like you are hiding your abs under your ribs
context 3: people as there is no hiding it . This part is

term: Severe
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: severe
context 1: comments . After 8 weeks Severe Regurgitation is finally beginning to
context 2: time but a lot . Severe pain and the only relief
context 3: until 3 weeks ago . Severe regurgitation was n't fun .

term: Difficulty
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: difficulty
context 1: 8 - Chronic regurgitation . Difficulty venting only gas . Not
context 2: . Biggest symptoms 1 . Difficulty swallowing ( tiny bits get
context 3: everyone else has , Swallowing Difficulty , Un - Controlled Burping

term: PTSD
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: ptsd
context 1: I have severe anxiety and PTSD , and a triggered fight
context 2: expect I 'll still have PTSD - related attacks when my
context 3: give me an amount of PTSD lol . Acid reflux is

term: resolves
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: resolve
context 1: drinking a lot of water resolves the issue .
context 2: am choking but it always resolves after fluids . I began
context 3: croaking nonstop until my cold resolves . And I rarely get

term: rocks
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: rock
context 1: * I get the pop rocks feeling in my neck when
context 2: just tell them to kick rocks and to worry about themselves
context 3: feel like I have pop rocks in my throat ! It

term: faking
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: fake
context 1: by family members for " faking it " or " making
context 2: family always thought I was faking it to stay home from
context 3: it sounds like I 'm faking it * , and I

term: Slept
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: slept
context 1: microburps yet Day 1 : Slept well . Woke up and
context 2: my muscle Day 2 - Slept in , much needed as
context 3: foods with some discomfort . Slept most of the day because

term: matches
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: match
context 1: ’s going on with me matches what I ’ve read from
context 2: I have found nothing that matches her description of ' not
context 3: and everything I have read matches my condition exactly , except

term: CAD
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: cad
context 1: I spent roughly $ 5,000 CAD of my own money to
context 2: to be about $ 5,000 CAD ( 3,500 USD ) because
context 3: medical costs were $ 5000 CAD for the general anesthesia procedure

term: ARFID
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: arfid
context 1: fainting ( possibly related to ARFID ? ) * feeling nausea
context 2: have an eating disorder ( ARFID ) idk if that helps
context 3: year I was diagnosed with ARFID , which I ’ve always

term: Et
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: et
context 1: Au plaisir de discuter . Et en espérant que certain d'entre
context 2: the botox in France ? Et s'il y a quelqu'un qui
context 3: trouvé ce que j’ai ! Et en plus il semble y

term: Sept
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: september
context 1: 1st Botox in Sept - it worked , I
context 2: that 6th month date ( Sept 1 ) in my head
context 3: below ) - one at Sept 2019 and one very recently

term: stats
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: stat
context 1: Are there any stats for example on the bastian
context 2: Does anyone know the efficacy stats if round 2 is needed
context 3: ' Subs ' to font stats but I 'm new to

term: chipped
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: chip
context 1: of my bottom tooth was chipped ( I had not looked
context 2: lot and was a bit chipped . Some of the cuts
context 3: have come away with a chipped tooth ? 😅 I hear

term: Sleeping
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: sleeping
context 1: by about 50 % . Sleeping is much easier . Quality
context 2: bit of air . ( Sleeping would have been impossible without
context 3: no really a problem . Sleeping fine with an extra pillow

term: Har
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: har
context 1: af luft i maven .. Har fundet frem til diagnosen r-cpd
context 2: för att göra undersökningen ? Har varit på vårdcentralen en driljard
context 3: vill helst undvika det . Har bannemig inte lyckats luska fram

term: Haukeland
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: haukeland
context 1: Bergen , Norway , and Haukeland hospital has done the Botox
context 2: . I already know about Haukeland , but I live in
context 3: ’m getting it done at Haukeland Universitetssykehus in Bergen by dr.

term: peppers
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: pepper
context 1: , carbonated , onions , peppers , eggs , etc .
context 2: all capsicum so eating bell peppers and paprika which is in
context 3: ( like tomatoes , bell peppers ) , legumes ( beans

term: Det
frequency: 19
lemmatized_to: det
context 1: Det har blivit mycket bättre ,
context 2: mycket mer än så . Det krävs inga undersökningar eller tester
context 3: Det är okontrollerat i början då

term: Office
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: office
context 1: this blooper reel from the Office !
context 2: Dwight from the Office is one of us !!!
context 3: So I was watching the Office bloopers ( as one does

term: stoked
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: stoke
context 1: for a friend :( Super stoked to be here yall .
context 2: month . He ’s really stoked to not feel bloated all
context 3: tips ? I was so stoked about getting the procedure that

term: documents
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: document
context 1: English here , so the documents available are largely unreadable by
context 2: so I ca n't bring documents to inform him .
context 3: I have to print out documents of this condition when I

term: vessels
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: vessel
context 1: that I usually break blood vessels all over my face (
context 2: , does anyone pop blood vessels in their face from vomiting
context 3: breaks a lot of blood vessels in my eyes . It

term: appearing
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: appear
context 1: the rcpd symptoms will keep appearing at home . if I
context 2: my gag reflex while simultaneously appearing to grab a cigarette from
context 3: other tensions in the belly appearing to me due to a

term: Relief
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: relief
context 1: to go ! My only Relief is to head to the
context 2: to the pain . Temporary Relief : I came across a
context 3: The Randomness , The Relief , and The Tragedy

term: Zoom
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: zoom
context 1: already paid for an upcoming Zoom appt with Dr. Bastian ,
context 2: on the space bar ( Zoom 's mute button - pro
context 3: am going to do a Zoom meeting with Dr. Bastian soon

term: backs
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: back
context 1: many months and my ENT backs my up to get the
context 2: igor , with giant upper backs . Along with that I
context 3: world turn their ungrateful burpy backs on you ! I released

term: Clearly
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: clearly
context 1: for so long now . Clearly I want to get this
context 2: Everything points to it . Clearly my docs have never heard
context 3: day , every day . Clearly this is frustrating for my

term: excuses
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: excuse
context 1: of being sick . The excuses I 'd make to avoid
context 2: I have they were weak excuses for one . Normally I
context 3: up a bunch of different excuses on what else it could

term: slipped
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: slip
context 1: deep breath and something “ slipped or pulled ” in his
context 2: a really small one that slipped out while exercising , and
context 3: the teeeeeeniest lil burp just slipped out unexpectedly . It was

term: correlates
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: correlate
context 1: do n’t think it really correlates to fizzy drinks . I
context 2: find that my experience directly correlates with social situations and social
context 3: be interesting to see what correlates between those who ca n't

term: Cause
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: cause
context 1: Cause of the problem ? Relationship
context 2: a doctor ’s referral ? Cause my doctor dismissed my problems
context 3: . I was surprised . Cause just like everyone here ,

term: Instagram
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: instagram
context 1: of it check out my Instagram @journeytoburp I still have no
context 2: learned about r-cpd today ion Instagram of all places and have
context 3: @rcpd2021 Instagram

term: Sacramento
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: sacramento
context 1: . Any recommendations for the Sacramento area ? On a completely
context 2: Dr. McHugh at Kaiser in Sacramento . The procedure worked exactly
context 3: done by Dr. Carr in Sacramento ?

term: washed
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: wash
context 1: sometimes but other times I washed it down with water .
context 2: some burps out . I washed my hands and , well
context 3: but it can just be washed away by drinking water .

term: Mom
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: mom
context 1: I was an infant . Mom says I burped as a
context 2: Mom wants me to see an
context 3: ran inside to tell my Mom . When I began dating

term: gathered
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: gather
context 1: , from what i 've gathered on this sub , carbonated
context 2: taken the information we 've gathered here and seen an ENT
context 3: &#x200B ; * I have gathered all the research I can

term: Following
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: follow
context 1: procedure done here : https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/8sph8l/appointment_with_dr_bastian_tomorrow/ Following up on that , things
context 2: me in the system . Following this appointment , I have
context 3: Following a few others I 'm

term: Specifically
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: specifically
context 1: experience with Lucy Hicklin . Specifically , whether they went to
context 2: Specifically would prefer to hear from
context 3: health concerns I have . Specifically , my heart arrhythmia which

term: Seeing
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: see
context 1: Would more Botox help ? Seeing dr tomorrow but the Reddit
context 2: the ability to burp . Seeing the other side of life
context 3: case with anyone else ? Seeing progress and then it stagnating

term: lingering
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: linger
context 1: became aware of my own lingering symptoms . It was like
context 2: is , even with the lingering side effects of the Botox
context 3: bit of stuck air feeling lingering around )

term: sweats
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: sweat
context 1: down my face , body sweats , racing heart , choking
context 2: 9 . onset of cold sweats and slipping in and out
context 3: out of nowhere ( mouth sweats and all , my emetophobia

term: Follow
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: follow
context 1: Follow up to my previous post
context 2: , Stroboscopy , Surgery and Follow Up . Hope this is
context 3: improving everyday . 4 . Follow it through to the end

term: Hill
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: hill
context 1: with Dr Broadhurst in Spring Hill Brisbane . Sent an initial
context 2: Dr. Seth Kaplan ( Lenox Hill Hospital ) . Dr. Kaplan
context 3: : [ <UNK> * Spring Hill ( Brisbane ) , Queensland

term: loosened
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: loosen
context 1: and I feel that it loosened the muscle too much .
context 2: with the tea somehow ' loosened ' things up . Eventually
context 3: throwing up air process ' loosened ' up my throat muscles

term: Norway
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: norway
context 1: if anyone here is from Norway and have tried contacting doctors
context 2: Treatment in Norway ?
context 3: knew about any treatments in Norway ? I visited my doctor

term: journals
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: journal
context 1: my symptoms and reading medical journals . I happened onto this
context 2: any peer - reviewed medical journals since it 's so new
context 3: and went on reading medical journals about RCPD , and I

term: burned
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: burn
context 1: ... I ’ve just been burned before with medical costs .
context 2: to sedate me , which burned going in and after a
context 3: tasty heh . Then they burned the video to a DVD

term: Dutch
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: dutch
context 1: my first appointment with the Dutch ENT , Dr Snelleman today
context 2: this monday . I 'm Dutch and discovered in January that
context 3: that I provided a reliable Dutch resource that briefly explained the

term: Ehlers
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: ehlers
context 1: gotten the Botox also have Ehlers Danlos Syndrome ?
context 2: I have hypermobile Ehlers Danlos Syndrome and I 'm
context 3: my head and diagnoses included Ehlers - Danlos , POTS ,

term: Cleveland
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: cleveland
context 1: . I ’m moving to Cleveland , Ohio in a couple
context 2: found Dr. Howard Nelson in Cleveland , Ohio . He is
context 3: visit a prominent laryngologist at Cleveland Clinic . Upon doing the

term: APD
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: apd
context 1: Clinic doctor thinks I have APD and PFD , both of
context 2: which they likely are with APD ) . I want to
context 3: anyone else here struggle with APD or PFD ?

term: negatives
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: negative
context 1: my appetite go into the negatives . i was wondering if
context 2: this time , but the negatives of the procedure have slowly
context 3: through with it and any negatives were far outweighed by the

term: Italian
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: italian
context 1: I saw was from this Italian person who posted a three
context 2: mid-December 2022 I met an Italian boy with this disease ,
context 3: of Red Bull - An Italian Rum Punch at Olive Garden

term: pumped
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: pump
context 1: maybe then someone would have pumped the brakes — but I
context 2: nose . Anaesthesia was then pumped down into my gullet via
context 3: is she !! I ’m pumped to say the least .

term: progresses
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: progress
context 1: ya ’ll updated as time progresses ! So beyond thankful for
context 2: that ’s good hoping it progresses to more over the next
context 3: to see how my burping progresses in the next few weeks

term: Enjoy
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: enjoy
context 1: carbonation is gone 6 . Enjoy a drink like a normal
context 2: Enjoy your first pain free New
context 3: so much . [ https://youtu.be/\_P4K1tyAEHY](https://youtu.be/_P4K1tyAEHY) Enjoy ! And as always ,

term: estimates
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: estimate
context 1: able to find any price estimates of how much it would
context 2: Or were people 's previous estimates not including everything ? Thanks
context 3: Botox cost estimates ?

term: activating
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: activate
context 1: taking a deep breath and activating your core . Then try
context 2: if it can help start activating the muscle to burp .
context 3: if it can help start activating the muscle to burp .

term: promised
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: promise
context 1: side , it works as promised . If I take two
context 2: Hey fellas , as promised , my post about a
context 3: King did call tonight as promised . I told him that

term: ALSO
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: also
context 1: excess wind ) . ** ALSO : I 'm actively drinking
context 2: after about 3 weeks it ALSO WORKED FOR HER . It
context 3: burp for some reason . ALSO , I 'm noticing that

term: LOTS
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: lot
context 1: : I 'm actively drinking LOTS of carbonated water and practicing
context 2: at all . I had LOTS of gurgles afterwards , more
context 3: much better now ! Still LOTS of regurgitation , and it

term: persists
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: persist
context 1: of relief but the acid persists . It comes into my
context 2: Day2 : * sore throat persists * weak swallowing , food
context 3: mostly gone * weak swallowing persists * I 'm feeling brave

term: Early
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: early
context 1: Horrific stomach pains Horrific bloating Early satiety Air vomiting Liquid vomiting
context 2: 1 minute . POST PROCEDURE Early days and nothing from a
context 3: Day 1 Early this morning I had the

term: Sandra
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: sandra
context 1: . I emailed Lucys assistant Sandra to ask if it ’s
context 2: this is an email from Sandra ( Lucy Hicklins secretary )
context 3: I have now just emailed Sandra ( Lucy ’s assistant )

term: deficiencies
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: deficiency
context 1: , thyroid issues , various deficiencies , and diabetes / blood
context 2: all normal ( or treating deficiencies did not resolve my symptoms
context 3: incidence of vitamin / electrolyte deficiencies in our population ? 3

term: vitals
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: vital
context 1: taken back to pre-op where vitals were taken , IV placed
context 2: in Philadelphia . They checked vitals quite a few times ,
context 3: and armband , had my vitals checked , and given an

term: gags
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: gag
context 1: in my throat . But gags =massive gas release . Also
context 2: than normal . Lots of gags and croaks . My fiancé
context 3: the burps almost felt like gags – like when I dry

term: Huge
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: huge
context 1: , a huge part . Huge luck to anyone getting Botox
context 2: of the main hospital . Huge cost difference . Now I
context 3: some soda and microburps ! Huge progress Day 3 : More

term: Joseph
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: joseph
context 1: - Op , with Dr. Joseph Spiegel - Success !
context 2: Pittman In Philadelphia : Dr. Joseph Spiegal In Arizona : Dr.
context 3: Any experience with Dr. Joseph Spiegel in Philadelphia ?

term: Northern
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: northern
context 1: Procedure scheduled in Northern California
context 2: CPD ? I am in Northern Colorado , but willing to
context 3: and Disability Ethics Committee , Northern A , on 24/04/2024 ,

term: drunk
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: drunk
context 1: I can only burp while drunk
context 2: I 'm game to get drunk , a prospective first year
context 3: resulted in me getting blackout drunk and me losing my wallet

term: screwed
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: screw
context 1: sleep is still a bit screwed up from it ) .
context 2: of the symptoms in my screwed up little menagerie , but
context 3: how we 'd all be screwed in this scenario .....

term: examinations
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: examination
context 1: ) , and the next examinations are Manometry and esophageal ph
context 2: doing so . ** Initial examinations ** About 1,5 years ago
context 3: of 2019 I had several examinations , including an x -

term: crunches
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: crunch
context 1: it off with 30 neck crunches . I also lay on
context 2: side and do side neck crunches on both sides 30 times
context 3: along with the 30 neck crunches exercise and now I 'm

term: ruling
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: rule
context 1: changing ! &#x200B ; After ruling the botox treatment out ,
context 2: going through the motions of ruling out other ENT and GI
context 3: this , either , likely ruling out psychological training of the

term: veins
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: vein
context 1: start an IV because my veins were hard to find ,
context 2: times and pumping , my veins were not appearing . She
context 3: but I have really shy veins so that did n’t work

term: BURPED
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: burped
context 1: bueno . Also , I BURPED FOR REAL and it felt
context 2: few minutes ago ... I BURPED ! Like audibly and with
context 3: gurgles . Because ! I BURPED TONIGHT !! Like a BELCH

term: Stick
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: stick
context 1: 1 . Head bobbing . Stick your head forward all the
context 2: for enjoying the night : Stick with spirits , cut down
context 3: . Not super fun . Stick to H2O ! Burps are

term: Location
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: location
context 1: Location in Southern Indiana / Louisville
context 2: info … • Age • Location • How long suffered R
context 3: Height ] ( https://imgur.com/u5HxLKC) [ Location ] ( https://imgur.com/AfyHYGX) ## Symptoms

term: DR
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: dr
context 1: to noburp ) and my DR ordered Bloodwork . Thing is
context 2: a nightmare . TL , DR ; which foods are your
context 3: 3 months post Botox from DR Bastian for my 19 year

term: phoned
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: phone
context 1: and im so scared i phoned about doctor but we could
context 2: . After receiving codes I phoned bupa who decided to decline
context 3: was so frustrated the specialist phoned to tell me my swallowing

term: clenching
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: clench
context 1: that , I had started clenching my jaw shut and pursing
context 2: it through sheer force by clenching every muscle violently . Afterwards
context 3: ? What about the stomach clenching , gagging vomit - like

term: hotels
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: hotel
context 1: there is the cost of hotels and stuff . I heard
context 2: close to the area with hotels though , but I think
context 3: other at the airport and hotels and things and I would

term: seeds
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: seed
context 1: A LOT ( powder and seeds ) and I realized that
context 2: * Mint tea * Fennel seeds * Eating probiotics * Crystallized
context 3: and really does plant the seeds of self doubt . I

term: Baxter
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: baxter
context 1: hours post botox w Dr. Baxter ( Kaiser )
context 2: to refer me to Dr. Baxter at LAMC . Dr. Baxter
context 3: Baxter at LAMC . Dr. Baxter had a last minute opening

term: funds
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: fund
context 1: currently have the time or funds for the actual procedure but
context 2: unfortunately do n’t have the funds . So anyway I am
context 3: make sure you have some funds available in your checking account

term: pissed
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: piss
context 1: it . i m kinda pissed tho cuz now that its
context 2: I 'm just stunned and pissed off at what he charged
context 3: I 'm pretty sure I pissed my stomach off good and

term: Charite
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: charite
context 1: Everyone who had Botox at Charite Berlin , what 's your
context 2: their Botox done in the Charite in Berlin Germany . If
context 3: : I called in at Charite Berlin , wrote them a

term: Using
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: use
context 1: in a vertical position . Using two fingers start at the
context 2: ; but not anymore ! Using no exercises , no surgery
context 3: for anaesthetic or sedation . Using anatomical landmarks and many years

term: postures
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: posture
context 1: eating or drinking because doing postures with my head down (
context 2: and trying concentration and different postures for 34 days now in
context 3: continue the exercises and the postures . Any other tips to

term: lies
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: lie
context 1: see where my risk level lies . Does anyone have any
context 2: many years . The problem lies in the cricopharyngeus ( CP
context 3: UES . * The UES lies just posterior to your cricoid

term: peers
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: peer
context 1: of comedy amongst friends and peers and I just thought it
context 2: all my burp - less peers ! I recently had my
context 3: 26 ) but less than peers and sometimes need to pat

term: succeeded
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: succeed
context 1: he did more patients and succeeded after me . He was
context 2: as needed . These have succeeded in suppressing some symptoms at
context 3: . With time , I succeeded with actually producing some real

term: Show
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: show
context 1: was at the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo last year and
context 2: Official flair is available ! Show others what kind of burp
context 3: Bodybuilding Show 4 Weeks After Botox

term: Damn
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: damn
context 1: looks at me like " Damn man , stop drinking so
context 2: http://www.strawpoll.me/11141137) Thanks ! Edit : Damn . Just realised my one
context 3: of felt .. normal ? Damn I wish this was my

term: sons
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: son
context 1: copy and paste ) My sons has a gastroenterologist dealing with
context 2: desperatly seaking answers for my sons innability to burp and the
context 3: However , because of my sons age he wanted us to

term: drs
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: dr
context 1: pre existing anxiety be the drs scapegoat for my pain .
context 2: me , and while the drs i have are knowledgeable ,
context 3: an appt with the same drs next week .

term: Tricare
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: tricare
context 1: around lol . I have Tricare East for anyone who would
context 2: know !! If you have Tricare and you guys have gone
context 3: keep my fingers crossed that Tricare accepts their authorization request ...

term: Adelaide
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: adelaide
context 1: to do my botox . Adelaide , Australia
context 2: for R - CPD in Adelaide Australia , there are currently
context 3: searched on google : ENT Adelaide " botox " You could

term: pressures
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: pressure
context 1: parts of belly that then pressures the pelvic floor etc .
context 2: diaphragm and create enormous internal pressures to support my voice ,
context 3: ) and the high air pressures have been forcing even more

term: pioneered
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: pioneer
context 1: get botox since Dr. Bastian pioneered the procedure in 2019 but
context 2: already familiar - Dr Bastian pioneered the Botox cure for R
context 3: found out the doctor who pioneered the treatment for this disorder

term: Mum
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: mum
context 1: to get treatment than my Mum , who doubted absolutely everything
context 2: n't hold this against my Mum either ! We all know
context 3: was full of air . Mum stayed with him from Saturday

term: Hours
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: hour
context 1: the Spongebob transition \~\~\~ 3 Hours Later\~\~\~ I read these posts
context 2: Here are my ramblings . Hours 0 - 8 after procedure
context 3: the night sitting up ! Hours 9 + : When I

term: IFR
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: ifr
context 1: currently is through an [ IFR ] ( https://youtu.be/GT1-VqIht2I) ( individual
context 2: Anyone had treatment using an IFR in the uk ? 🤞🏻🤞🏻
context 3: NHS independent funding request ( IFR )

term: euros
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: euro
context 1: Previously the cost was 1290 euros . Now , the cost
context 2: the cost is ** 2440 euros ** . Over email I
context 3: answer of almost 2 thousand euros , with the consultation being

term: Ideally
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: ideally
context 1: difficult to cope with . Ideally , I ’d love to
context 2: , maybe some rice . Ideally not very spicy , and
context 3: restore a healthy curve . Ideally I 'm supposed to do

term: Karolinska
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: karolinska
context 1: Procedure at Karolinska , Sweden ?
context 2: made the botox procedure at Karolinska in Stockholm , Sweden ?
context 3: Scheduled for botox today at Karolinska in Huddinge , Sweden .

term: easing
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: ease
context 1: - botoxers have tips for easing the recovery process , and
context 2: Week 2 Slow swallow symptoms easing a bit by the middle
context 3: I believe it is only easing as I have made major

term: supporting
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: support
context 1: of R - CPD and supporting each other through this journey
context 2: plays a key role in supporting your head . So the
context 3: slightly forward while sitting and supporting the weight of my head

term: Agree
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: agree
context 1: have insight into this ? Agree or disagree with my hypothesis
context 2: Agree with the others , most
context 3: Agree with the other comments -

term: Ahh
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: ahh
context 1: Ahh , understood , that does
context 2: Ahh hope you ’re better now
context 3: Ahh yeah that makes sense :)

term: analyses
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: analysis
context 1: avoided any type of over analyses towards that as overthinking it
context 2: from amateur and professional statistical analyses of the noburp problem is
context 3: from amateur and professional statistical analyses of the noburp problem is

term: Si
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: si
context 1: Si , todavía vivo .
context 2: Si ! Los shakers acostada y
context 3: qu'elle vous pose avant . Si c'était à refaire , je

term: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1il1_Nrger1vic8uAYQ9X3_LVfEdOYrW6eD_EYiIgeVQ/edit?pli=1#gid=460561726)\]
frequency: 18
lemmatized_to: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1il1_nrger1vic8uayq9x3_lvfedoyrw6ed_eyiigevq/edit?pli=1#gid=460561726)\]
context 1: [ [ 3 ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1il1_Nrger1vic8uAYQ9X3_LVfEdOYrW6eD_EYiIgeVQ/edit?pli=1#gid=460561726)\] [ 2015 survey ] (
context 2: [ [ 3 ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1il1_Nrger1vic8uAYQ9X3_LVfEdOYrW6eD_EYiIgeVQ/edit?pli=1#gid=460561726)\] [ 2015 survey ] (
context 3: [ [ 3 ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1il1_Nrger1vic8uAYQ9X3_LVfEdOYrW6eD_EYiIgeVQ/edit?pli=1#gid=460561726)\] [ 2015 survey ] (

term: Hot
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: hot
context 1: I have any cocktails . Hot Chocolate . Baked goods .
context 2: I ’m having a Hot Ones party in a week
context 3: ? Has anyone done the Hot Ones challenge ? What was

term: confirming
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: confirm
context 1: ’s clinic ( an email confirming that he could perform the
context 2: and emails from Dr Karagama confirming he treats the condition .
context 3: whole back but aside from confirming I was n't alone I

term: Managed
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: manage
context 1: exactly happened . UPDATE : Managed to get into contact with
context 2: will improve with time . Managed breakfast without immediate need for
context 3: on the loo ahaha . Managed to make it back to

term: LOVE
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: love
context 1: FART SO MUCH OMG I LOVE THIS
context 2: a brewery , I fucking LOVE beer . I get off
context 3: off by saying that I LOVE this thread . 2 months

term: approaching
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: approach
context 1: or in a situation where approaching my gag reflex through burping
context 2: I am approaching the 3 month mark post
context 3: states might be interested in approaching him together . That way

term: i.e
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: i.e.
context 1: " air sick " , i.e vomit up nothing but air
context 2: sticking anything down my throat i.e hands free ) and I
context 3: throat / stomach symptoms ( i.e no burp ) for a

term: Repeat
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: repeat
context 1: Really force it down . Repeat . This will make you
context 2: and let carbonation out . Repeat until all carbonation is gone
context 3: position .** 6 . ** Repeat steps 4 & 5 a

term: grabbed
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: grab
context 1: operating on pure reflex she grabbed my head and aimed it
context 2: . Went to academy , grabbed a 30 lber , did
context 3: I started coughing , then grabbed water to chase it but

term: dreading
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: dread
context 1: time . I ’m actually dreading this work Christmas party I
context 2: nose . I honestly was dreading this part , but it
context 3: certification dives tomorrow and honestly dreading what should be a really

term: placing
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: place
context 1: to be less visibility in placing the injection in the local
context 2: If it gets easy try placing a weight on ur forehead
context 3: burp . Another post described placing two fingers in the sternum

term: successes
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: success
context 1: I 've had a few successes today there so maybe it
context 2: everyone who has shared their successes and failures to build a
context 3: experiences ( and hopefully , successes ) to encourage others to

term: lurked
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: lurk
context 1: relieve myself . I 've lurked this subreddit on and off
context 2: Hi noburpers . I 've lurked on this sub for about
context 3: ... 20 m here , lurked here for a bit before

term: Alberta
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: alberta
context 1: Canada . I live in Alberta , if that makes a
context 2: I am from Alberta and I just had the
context 3: that remain untouched : | Alberta | Manitoba | New Brunswick

term: Background
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: background
context 1: Background : I was able to
context 2: forms of treatment . ** Background ** : Lifelong NoBurper ,
context 3: my one week report . Background : 40 yo female ,

term: WORST
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: worst
context 1: much force . But the WORST part was the taste .
context 2: loud and I get the WORST belly aches because I ’m
context 3: - cider gives me the WORST acid reflux and i do

term: posters
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: poster
context 1: . Unlike many of the posters here , I do n't
context 2: was that most of the posters here seem to see the
context 3: . To all the previous posters on this group , I

term: paired
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: pair
context 1: is bc endometriosis is often paired w IBS / IBS like
context 2: latent R - CPD factor paired with the pregnancy , and
context 3: get this really bloated feeling paired with the occasional low rumble

term: CRAZY
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: crazy
context 1: Also , I have this CRAZY fear of vomiting and I
context 2: , and I fart like CRAZY afterwards . Happens almost every
context 3: again , was burping like CRAZY after eating . I mean

term: Xanax
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: xanax
context 1: . I have been prescribed Xanax which seems to help some
context 2: , has anyone here taken Xanax / Valium to help ease
context 3: since was consistent use of Xanax . Now , understand that

term: Inositol
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: inositol
context 1: who have successfully burped with Inositol
context 2: Purchased Inositol two days ago
context 3: finally decided to give the Inositol fix a go . I

term: Email
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: email
context 1: as it has costs :) Email reply from his office :
context 2: London , WC2A 3 PE Email : enquiries@britishlaryngological.org Website : www.britishlaryngological.org
context 3: the following , 1 . Email the three papers to the

term: Met
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: met
context 1: Met the man , the myth
context 2: just never bloated anymore . Met with the doc for the
context 3: &nbsp ; DAY 1 - Met with FAMILY DOCTOR to discuss

term: conclusions
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: conclusion
context 1: seemed to be jumping to conclusions a little bit , but
context 2: early to make any objective conclusions because I 've had a
context 3: 5 years ago provided no conclusions or results . I have

term: tapping
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: tap
context 1: tips from you guys like tapping my throat and yawning and
context 2: I adapted a chest - tapping method to help induce more
context 3: my throat ( by repidly tapping the back of my tongue

term: solving
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: solve
context 1: the best of luck in solving your own noburp problem !
context 2: true but they are not solving my problem ) . I
context 3: someone get some faith on solving the non-burping issue !!

term: edibles
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: edible
context 1: . i have n't taken edibles very often so i do
context 2: noises happen after i take edibles . anyways , the whole
context 3: I have better luck with edibles ? Like it makes me

term: the
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: the
context 1: about how to bring up the no burp issue . I
context 2: it than anything else in the whole world . I do
context 3: to not date people in the past when it gets too

term: Muscle
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: muscle
context 1: Injection into Cricopharyngeal Muscle by Mr Karagama
context 2: - Botox Throat / Neck Muscle Exercises or Relaxation ?
context 3: was " 43030 – Throat Muscle Surgery , Description Myotymy Cricopharyngeal

term: collecting
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: collect
context 1: of no - burping and collecting as much data as I
context 2: . The study will involve collecting a family history and saliva
context 3: are planning another trial / collecting another dataset or something soon

term: monitored
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: monitor
context 1: time and my activity is monitored quite closely by managers ,
context 2: ! The nurses kept and monitored me for about 45 minutes
context 3: . From there , she monitored the pressure and I sat

term: fading
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: fade
context 1: after , but that ’s fading . If this did n’t
context 2: Are these symptoms normal and fading over the time . Any
context 3: couple of months it started fading . I have n’t burped

term: recurring
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: recur
context 1: but this symptom has been recurring , usually every six months
context 2: , I 've been having recurring issues with my breathing ,
context 3: , but mine will keep recurring for an entire waking cycle

term: hunched
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: hunch
context 1: poisoning and spent the night hunched over the toilet trying to
context 2: up and I would be hunched in pain struggling to breathe
context 3: much . i ’m currently hunched over on the toilet desperately

term: solves
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: solve
context 1: diagnosed weakened LES and esophogitis solves itself . Any advise on
context 2: know that botox for dysphagia solves this problem then I would
context 3: if I even need it solves the swallowing . Still have

term: Teng
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: teng
context 1: Dr Teng in Boston
context 2: have a consult with Dr. Teng in Boston on Friday .
context 3: the procedure done by Dr. Teng at Beth Israel in Boston

term: blaming
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: blame
context 1: left that my husband is blaming himself for not stepping in
context 2: ever . I ’ve been blaming it on anxiety ( which
context 3: and even a pulmonologist just blaming it on bad posture .

term: typed
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: type
context 1: EMETOPHOBIC **!! - will be typed below : I have also
context 2: ) . Anyways I finally typed my symptoms in + Reddit
context 3: original text , so I typed it all up and uploaded

term: Georgia
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: georgia
context 1: region . I live in Georgia , so this is the
context 2: is the first doctor in Georgia . :) He said he
context 3: I drove from Georgia to Chicago this week to

term: directed
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: direct
context 1: not caring , I was directed to this sub . I
context 2: I saw my doctor who directed me to a specialist in
context 3: gag reflex . This is directed towards anyone who has not

term: alternating
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: alternate
context 1: few breaths . That and alternating air vomiting . But the
context 2: person and exercise most days alternating between boxing and circuit classes
context 3: ( SIBO ) IBS and alternating IBS , as well as

term: disappears
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: disappear
context 1: people ’s “ anxiety ” disappears when the ability to burp
context 2: - 3 days , then disappears for a few months ?
context 3: I 'm doing . It disappears for a long time and

term: TX
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: tx
context 1: UT Physicians in Houston , TX in July . If we
context 2: will begin researching Austin , TX Doctors today . Thanks all
context 3: Dr. Whited in Austin , TX

term: DONT
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: dont
context 1: and takes allllllllll insurance . DONT WAIT GUYS …… RUNNNNN ……
context 2: is so bad . I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO ANYMORE
context 3: when i tell them I DONT BURP !! Ever !! What

term: Success
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: success
context 1: can and wiggle it . Success will result in a Gigantic
context 2: with Dr. Joseph Spiegel - Success !
context 3: as much as possible . Success ! It seems like hot

term: TBH
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: tbh
context 1: when I am sleeping . TBH , I 'm exhausted with
context 2: two hours post surgery , TBH it ’s quite uncomfortable .
context 3: me to calm down . TBH I cried for probably 30

term: reporting
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: report
context 1: here ! l 'll be reporting back in a couple weeks
context 2: , as I will be reporting back and updating on my
context 3: with my job having mandatory reporting of symptoms I 'm having

term: inhaled
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: inhal
context 1: air to like i 've inhaled water ?? my stomach is
context 2: was n't thinking . I inhaled it in a few minutes
context 3: push everything out . The inhaled air would sometimes " catch

term: Op
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: op
context 1: Post - Op , with Dr. Joseph Spiegel
context 2: UPDATE DAY 2 Post - Op : Thankfully the tingling went
context 3: - 6 days Post - Op now with Dr. Lerner in

term: sores
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: sore
context 1: Tonsil sores / damage from operation causing
context 2: fact I have 2 visible sores on my tonsils which are
context 3: see 2 red marks or sores , one on either side

term: carrying
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: carry
context 1: Since then I 've been carrying on increasing the length and
context 2: left my legs shaking , carrying a shower caddy up the
context 3: I looked like I was carrying twins at the age of

term: cracking
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: crack
context 1: coming up or my voice cracking . 3 . Eating has
context 2: I have heard that joint cracking is caused by gases so
context 3: gases so ... Could back cracking be related to extra trapped

term: Nurse
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: nurse
context 1: at it . Called the Nurse Line with my Insurance ..
context 2: $ 540 anesthesiologist $ 485 Nurse Anesthetist $ 315 Hospital $
context 3: in the recovery room . Nurse monitored me for about 30

term: Praying
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: pray
context 1: coming down with Cold . Praying the burps start soon !
context 2: THIS CONDITION ! &#x200B ; Praying that the procedure works in
context 3: bloated since . YAY ! Praying it stays that way and

term: deserves
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: deserve
context 1: more widespread coverage that it deserves .
context 2: I stated that my experience deserves to be taken seriously .
context 3: wedding day too , he deserves better ! So any tips

term: Simethicone
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: simethicone
context 1: but the key ingredient is Simethicone , so something containing that
context 2: Thioctic Acid 10 mg – Simethicone 100 mg - Pancreatin 200
context 3: commonly reccommended drug ) , Simethicone , Tums / Antacids ,

term: experts
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: expert
context 1: After consulting with multiple burp experts ( my normal - burp
context 2: fact that they were leading experts in the country , and
context 3: one out of nothing like experts do , but i could

term: Jo
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: jo
context 1: Mr Karagama 's secretary ( Jo ) and asked if I
context 2: as my friend ( hi Jo if you 're reading )
context 3: in months . I saw Jo ( my no burp friend

term: George
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: george
context 1: working with gastroenterology at the George E. Wahlen Department of Veterans
context 2: week with Dr. Bielamowicz at George Washington University Hospital in D.C
context 3: and Neck Surgery at The George Washington University attempting to better

term: throws
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: throw
context 1: night I was in the throws of bad indigestion and severe
context 2: our first rodeo . He throws up , this causes me
context 3: feel neauseaous after eating and throws up but without forcing it

term: speaks
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: speak
context 1: possessed and the devil himself speaks through me . But she
context 2: Title speaks for itself . I have
context 3: Title speaks for itself :)

term: Phoenix
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: phoenix
context 1: I had the shot in Phoenix AZ with Dr. Sugumaran .
context 2: procedure from Dr. Sugumaran in Phoenix about a year and a
context 3: Dr Sugumaran - Phoenix

term: venting
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: venting
context 1: they please thanks to the venting of excess gas , I
context 2: point here aside from the venting , I think I have
context 3: just venting ( tmi warning )

term: Nowadays
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: nowadays
context 1: number of burps increased . Nowadays I still ca n't burp
context 2: is related to RCPD . Nowadays , I feel that I
context 3: and go in frequency . Nowadays as I got older ,

term: subreddits
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: subreddit
context 1: are still unknown . Potential subreddits that should exist , with
context 2: it worse . Loading this subreddits and seeing the word “
context 3: lurked around ( even other subreddits ) for a while until

term: blows
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: blow
context 1: a normal volume , it blows my irritated uvula to the
context 2: house ? Yup - fucking blows . I 've never actually
context 3: gurgle relentlessly and my stomach blows up like a balloon after

term: Simply
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: simply
context 1: too spicy . 2 ) Simply jump up and down for
context 2: sphincter I believe ) . Simply keeping the throat low and
context 3: had * R*\-* CPD .* Simply unable to relax the muscles

term: cities
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: city
context 1: n't leave near to those cities , and can not travel
context 2: . In other central European cities , I often struggle to
context 3: seeking help in the twin cities area , I highly recommend

term: Jun
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: jun
context 1: Initial Consult with Dr. Jun Lin in Toronto at St
context 2: share my experience with Dr. Jun Lin as I had my
context 3: to be referred to Dr Jun Lin. 2 Weeks later ,

term: cared
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: care
context 1: shockingly beautiful how much everyone cared and did n’t just tell
context 2: made me feel understood and cared for . I 've had
context 3: My son and I were cared for from A to Z

term: conducted
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: conduct
context 1: a result of a poorly conducted experiment . He said he
context 2: https://auckland.au1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_8fibsg84DNDz3lY](https://auckland.au1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_8fibsg84DNDz3lY) This study is being conducted by the University of Auckland
context 3: anyone aware of this being conducted in New Zealand ? I

term: Knowing
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: know
context 1: to work for me . Knowing its early trying to remain
context 2: me to my concern . Knowing that one of your goals
context 3: am really missing it . Knowing how it feels to not

term: India
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: india
context 1: there is no doc in India THEN can we apply for
context 2: Any specialist in India
context 3: test ? I am in India , so do n't know

term: exposed
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: expose
context 1: my vocal cords had been exposed to the damage as well
context 2: due to years of being exposed to acid reflux . I
context 3: ate or drank or was exposed to . I spent a

term: hips
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: hip
context 1: stomach became smaller and my hips did so if anyone wants
context 2: things even worse , my hips are not even meaning my
context 3: to the ground than your hips ) soon after Botox .

term: Self
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: self
context 1: classify it as mild . Self - training was more something
context 2: Self - Taught Tricks / cheat
context 3: CW : Self hatred , depression Well ...

term: labels
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: label
context 1: to pay attention to ingredient labels and make sure every single
context 2: . People who just follow labels in science are pseudo scientists
context 3: are some example of these labels : * The surveys were

term: Whilst
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: whilst
context 1: sure about this one ) Whilst researching the condition on the
context 2: pneumothorax ( collapsed lung ) Whilst this absolutely sucks , something
context 3: bubble inside my lungs . Whilst doing this today ( my

term: Bring
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: bring
context 1: and have a diagnosis !! Bring on the Botox 😂 Also
context 2: Bastian 's article out . Bring it to your doctor .
context 3: 5. General tips : * Bring water with you everywhere *

term: John
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: john
context 1: with him ( [ Dr. John Rosen ] ( https://twitter.com/johnmrosen)) and
context 2: is done at Ascension St John Surgery Center , 17700 23
context 3: done by Dr. Akst at John ’s Hopkins in Baltimore ,

term: School
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: school
context 1: feel worse and at High School I had to go to
context 2: just got accepted into Med School ( YAY ) , reached
context 3: medical student at Indiana University School of Medicine . Currently ,

term: refined
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: refine
context 1: , no dairy , no refined sugar , limited fat intake
context 2: cutting out a lot of refined sugar and even natural sugars
context 3: public , however I 've refined it so I can do

term: se
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: se
context 1: qui . Per favore , se leggi questo post , contattami
context 2: 's not extremely uncomfortable per se , just EXTREMELY prevalent .
context 3: thin . Not underweight per se , but thin nonetheless .

term: hives
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: hive
context 1: Anyone else get hives too ?
context 2: and while no rash or hives ( yet ) I 'll
context 3: item out , I had hives everywhere . I ’ve thrown

term: Under
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: under
context 1: thinks I 'm sick . Under normal circumstances , a few
context 2: gave me Botox * * Under general anesthesia I got 4
context 3: & Immediate Recovery :** \- Under anesthesia in the US \-

term: receptors
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: receptor
context 1: passage activates the same pain receptors as eating wasabi . The
context 2: aware that Dicyclomine blocks acetylcholine receptors which allows the gut muscles
context 3: only feel stretch ( stretch receptors ) which then causes the

term: processes
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: process
context 1: to teach themselves and their processes in case I have missed
context 2: . A lot of my processes require determination . I have
context 3: descriptions of pain and body processes

term: Mulla
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: mulla
context 1: for consultation with Mr Omar Mulla at Park Hill hospital in
context 2: under general anaesthetic with Mr Mulla in Doncaster . I had
context 3: it both times . Mr Mulla is going to follow up

term: exacerbates
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: exacerbate
context 1: have another GI condition that exacerbates the symptoms ) , and
context 2: flair up worse as it exacerbates the sensation of mucus leaking
context 3: of water before lying down exacerbates the pain and makes it

term: Hmmm
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: hmm
context 1: as the days before . Hmmm . Day 5 : Pretty
context 2: Hmmm why do you need a
context 3: Hmmm I het upper back pain

term: reclining
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: recline
context 1: to my body and started reclining more when my body said
context 2: sat me up with the reclining chair and asked how I
context 3: out a lunch burp when reclining in my work chair ,

term: Ha
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: ha
context 1: will be uncontrollable belching . Ha ! The relief is so
context 2: Ha ! Where do you live
context 3: Ha ! I reckon the older

term: ‘‘
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: ''
context 1: irritable bowel syndrome , or ‘‘ stress . ’ ’ No
context 2: irritable bowel syndrome , or ‘‘ stress . ’ ’ No
context 3: . One man said , ‘‘ I read about all of

term: Yeh
frequency: 17
lemmatized_to: yeh
context 1: outrageously impatient for it . Yeh all those things apply to
context 2: you and your husband ! Yeh I think this group has
context 3: Yeh man ! It s just

term: SUCKS
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: suck
context 1: with my fingers . IT SUCKS , as I ’m sure
context 2: mini burping right now which SUCKS . Spoiler alert : burps
context 3: me very nauseated . This SUCKS . I ’m planning on

term: Previously
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: previously
context 1: ’m sure you know . Previously , all I had to
context 2: 100 botox units injected . Previously from making the surgery i
context 3: I still felt great . Previously I would have to treat

term: kidding
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: kid
context 1: . I wish I was kidding . not being able to
context 2: it but they were n’t kidding when they said it helped
context 3: are ” . Well no kidding . When i brought it

term: Fuck
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: fuck
context 1: from feeling so bloated . Fuck , i think this might
context 2: it as a seizure . Fuck that bastard , but anyways
context 3: not a guaranteed fix . Fuck all of this .

term: contemplating
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: contemplate
context 1: searching for relief , and contemplating getting this procedure . *
context 2: sleep , when I was contemplating the risks , I still
context 3: now , but I ’m contemplating the probability of getting botox

term: Brisbane
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: brisbane
context 1: all ? I live in Brisbane , but am happy to
context 2: Brisbane Australia Specialist info
context 3: Dr Broadhurst in Spring Hill Brisbane . Sent an initial email

term: Living
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: live
context 1: I found this subreddit . Living in Wisconsin as a noburper
context 2: Surveys results - Living with R - CPD (
context 3: * [ Surveys Results - Living with R - CPD ]

term: Croak
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: croak
context 1: But what exactly is The Croak ? Is it the noise
context 2: throat was making " The Croak " EVERY BREATH I TOOK
context 3: happening ( I get The Croak every damn day but this

term: UT
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: ut
context 1: ( Salt Lake City , UT ) - Successful Botox ,
context 2: Botox Procedure ! Dr. Tritter UT Physicians
context 3: done by Dr. Tritter with UT Physicians in Houston , TX

term: Pepper
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: pepper
context 1: able to order a Dr Pepper at McDonald 's now .
context 2: getting a bunch of Dr. Pepper or something to make myself
context 3: ( 7 up and Dr. Pepper mini cans ) which produced

term: largest
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: large
context 1: doctor said i have the largest stomach he has ever seen
context 2: This hospital boasted of the largest department of specialists in the
context 3: meal I probably had the largest micro burps and then one

term: WHY
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: why
context 1: TO EXPLAIN TO MY FRIENDS WHY I FART SO MUCH OMG
context 2: a lot of it . WHY I NEED ADVICE : excuse
context 3: with this healthcare provider . WHY DO DOCTORS SUCK SO BAD

term: sold
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: sell
context 1: a kid , my mom sold me the idea that being
context 2: but I ’m not totally sold ( I want to know
context 3: I needed " I was sold . October , 2023 :

term: altered
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: alter
context 1: Doctor 3 said if I altered my diet , I would
context 2: My life has felt radically altered these past few weeks as
context 3: the fact that I never altered my diet / intake to

term: messaged
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: message
context 1: chest ) . I also messaged my neck around the adams
context 2: bit the bullet and directly messaged an ENT clinic in Montreal
context 3: gerd . So , I messaged IQoro customer service and asked

term: Spent
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: spend
context 1: Spent all day sort of wheezing
context 2: ’ve found this community . Spent my whole life unable to
context 3: leading to dry wretching . Spent a lot of my adolescence

term: songs
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: song
context 1: n't sing along to most songs . My falsetto was largely
context 2: gasping at all the wonderful songs and generally forgetting myself ,
context 3: lot of nausea and froggy songs that ca n't hold it

term: Baltimore
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: baltimore
context 1: Procedure Scheduled in Baltimore
context 2: to schedule this procedure in Baltimore , MD at Johns Hopkins
context 3: by Dr. Lee Akst in Baltimore , Md and willing to

term: litres
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: litre
context 1: after about 1 - 2 litres . Once the feeling starts
context 2: drank more than about 1.5 litres ) . These symptoms started
context 3: 'd consumed ( over 2 litres ) rather than the alcohol

term: relaxers
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: relaxer
context 1: \- coffee \- smooth muscle relaxers , such as pepper mint
context 2: and just gave me muscle relaxers which \* spoiler\ * relax
context 3: found some relief with muscle relaxers and physical therapy massages but

term: surprises
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: surprise
context 1: actual burp comes out and surprises me . The other night
context 2: separate review process . No surprises here . But after being
context 3: since I had a few surprises I was n't expecting .

term: winded
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: wind
context 1: When I started to get winded while hiking , my breathing
context 2: . Sorry for being long winded and poorly told , I
context 3: do n't get nearly as winded as I used to during

term: cancelling
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: cancell
context 1: this sub is thinking of cancelling / has to cancel for
context 2: surgery . I am considering cancelling it . I know this
context 3: life , but am considering cancelling my surgery because I am

term: horses
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: horse
context 1: eaten 4 hogs , 2 horses and 3 buildings * The
context 2: has to " look for horses not zebras " ( a
context 3: Apparently horses ca n't burp .

term: carrots
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: carrot
context 1: been bitty , like diced carrots 🥕 🫣
context 2: , weirdly , eating raw carrots always gives me the worst
context 3: gurgles and pain after eating carrots on an empty stomach 😭

term: burpees
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: burpee
context 1: lot of jumping , and burpees and the like ) and
context 2: journey . Stay strong no burpees . 💪
context 3: weight hiit style exercise ( burpees , planks , pilates ,

term: 1,000
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: 1000
context 1: “ That ’ll be $ 1,000 . ” 10 . Getting
context 2: which would cost under £ 1,000 . However , I want
context 3: , so that 's $ 1,000 out of pocket . The

term: won
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: win
context 1: upvotes . Well , I won , but it just seems
context 2: been legendary and would have won burping contests when I was
context 3: problems - replaced therapy - won over a multitude of lovers

term: CONSTANTLY
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: constantly
context 1: Anyone else clear there throat CONSTANTLY ?! I ’m not sure
context 2: i used to feel almost CONSTANTLY . I hope this miracle
context 3: two weeks so I was CONSTANTLY practicing . It was brutal

term: circles
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: circle
context 1: often find myself walking in circles , looking like a crazy
context 2: , I know some reddit circles are very particular about not
context 3: am tired or running in circles . I start a new

term: BIG
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: big
context 1: wish I could either fart BIG , poop BIG , or
context 2: either fart BIG , poop BIG , or just let out
context 3: able to burp are a BIG deal -- I feel awful

term: chilling
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: chill
context 1: just doing some late night chilling , eating / sucking on
context 2: . But I was just chilling with my bloated stomach and
context 3: hand is just kind of chilling there . No pain just

term: Similar
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: similar
context 1: like what I ate . Similar to https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/86fjnq/had_the_botox_injection_today/, I also have
context 2: getting so much better ! Similar to my voice , my
context 3: freaking out about it . Similar to the " suck on

term: meats
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: meat
context 1: noticed that eggs , red meats , tomato based products ,
context 2: due to red meat processed meats infection through kissing that could
context 3: Seems to mostly be with meats so I am avoiding them

term: Ginger
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: ginger
context 1: of relief at least . Ginger tea helps me too .
context 2: IT ! MULTIPLE TIMES ! Ginger Ale was my revelation !
context 3: to burp better . 1. Ginger Tea : I do n’t

term: decreasing
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: decrease
context 1: ? The burps have been decreasing over the last few days
context 2: came 3 months of slowly decreasing ability to burp followed by
context 3: as my burps have been decreasing and I 've been noticing

term: pancakes
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: pancake
context 1: my girlfriend and only had pancakes and water . I did
context 2: have a hard time swallowing pancakes ?
context 3: - I had oatmeal and pancakes . I ended up flying

term: lined
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: line
context 1: of pain . As we lined up to board the plane
context 2: . I just hope everything lined up as needed and works
context 3: I have a GP appointment lined up for when I get

term: braces
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: brace
context 1: it forward surgically or getting braces . As a scared teen
context 2: avoided surgery , meaning the braces did all they could but
context 3: can skip everything in curly braces , it 's not essential

term: breathed
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: breathe
context 1: burp . When I just breathed through my nose deeply when
context 2: it happens if i just breathed out or someting
context 3: laid on the bed and breathed in deep - boom ,

term: cookies
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: cookie
context 1: so I could toss my cookies on the side of the
context 2: and water , along with cookies . The staff was really
context 3: me some apple juice and cookies and called in my wife

term: :P
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: :p
context 1: two huge ones before vomiting :P I 've been trying the
context 2: back in a couple weeks :P
context 3: I poop really well ! :P But the pain caused by

term: NEED
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: need
context 1: early ? Do I even NEED to push ? Is it
context 2: NEED ANSWERS DESPERATELY 😞
context 3: been a challenge . I NEED water or a drink to

term: oats
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: oat
context 1: breakfast smoothies out of cooked oats / other cereals with milk
context 2: had a protein drink with oats and peanut butter blended in
context 3: fatty foods , sweets , oats , and eggs . But

term: documenting
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: document
context 1: 5am . I ’ve been documenting the last year of no
context 2: has , as well as documenting my experiences throughouth the process
context 3: other . I 'll be documenting my findings here as they

term: Los
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: los
context 1: with Dr. Karla O'Dell in Los Angeles because it was really
context 2: live in California , specifically Los Angeles , does anyone know
context 3: Getting Botox procedure in Los Angeles !

term: wits
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: wit
context 1: ? I ’m at my wits end I will just pay
context 2: . I ’m at my wits end . Looking at this
context 3: ! I 'm at my wits end , as I 've

term: Happened
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: happen
context 1: push out a gurgle . Happened twice and was really relieving
context 2: adams apple Summary : - Happened during Brazilian Jiu Jitsu guillotines
context 3: more effort to speak . Happened within minutes of shouting -

term: temps
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: temp
context 1: vraiment compliquée ... Combien de temps a duré pour vous la
context 2: and feel better in colder temps ?
context 3: j’ai toujours des ballonnements de temps en temps ( mais ça

term: Asking
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: ask
context 1: they were so thorough . Asking about how and when symptoms
context 2: not being bloated anymore ? Asking because I put on a
context 3: below ) . 7 . Asking my mom to burp me

term: sobbing
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: sobb
context 1: my people and I 'm sobbing
context 2: utter shock and have been sobbing all day . I ve
context 3: spent the last 3 days sobbing over my anxiety and wondering

term: Everytime
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: everytime
context 1: nauseous after drinking liquor ? Everytime i drink i wake up
context 2: Hello ! Everytime I go on a night
context 3: Everytime I feel the urge to

term: GREAT
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: great
context 1: , but it felt SO GREAT . Sometimes it 's just
context 2: , ect. that would be GREAT .
context 3: post , I wrote in GREAT length [ iykyk💀 ] about

term: Few
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: few
context 1: within a few days . Few other points : - Karagama
context 2: sub ( quaker ) . Few months later : NOW I
context 3: develop bigger burps eventually . Few weeks after that I started

term: Department
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: department
context 1: to NHS England and the Department of Health and Social Care
context 2: at the George E. Wahlen Department of Veterans Affairs to try
context 3: this screenshot of a California Department of Managed Health in which

term: White
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: white
context 1: Venkatesen at Baylor Scott & White in Dallas in April. 80
context 2: White And Black girls for sex
context 3: Holdgraf at Baylor Scott and White in Temple , TX and

term: tucked
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: tuck
context 1: from the appointment , I tucked my chin and tried to
context 2: on the table , they tucked me in and chatted to
context 3: exorcist ) with my chin tucked back and slightly down consistently

term: destroyed
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: destroy
context 1: and it just have completely destroyed my ability to burp as
context 2: had severe stomach acidity which destroyed me along with bad gut
context 3: - Seltzer for hangover relief destroyed me .

term: Told
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: tell
context 1: I am SO EXCITED !! Told my parents and they 're
context 2: needle around a bit . Told me to relax my shoulders
context 3: not viewed long term . Told to send evidence that it

term: Cant
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: cant
context 1: ago I read on another Cant Burp Forum that lying down
context 2: Cant flatulate
context 3: ago I read on another Cant Burp Forum that lying down

term: strangled
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: strangle
context 1: noticed some burps are more strangled sounding and higher pitched ,
context 2: his personal favorite was “ strangled whale . ” I then
context 3: ; they 're sounding less strangled . ** DAYS 9-14 **

term: shooting
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: shooting
context 1: . I Also get random shooting pains in various places across
context 2: us so it ends up shooting through the nose ? Sorry
context 3: then back to gurgling and shooting pains in my chest .

term: watering
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: water
context 1: Constant mouth watering
context 2: recently my mouth has been watering 24/7 . Is it because
context 3: sweating and my mouth is watering salty saliva . And then

term: agrees
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: agree
context 1: the results ( if he agrees at all ) .
context 2: and this survey . He agrees that it seems like a
context 3: with Dr. Bastian and he agrees and feels pretty confident I

term: references
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: reference
context 1: so I have very little references as to what air vomiting
context 2: ? This community has many references to this massage , but
context 3: all . I 'll provided references below . &nbsp ; Personally

term: PROCEDURE
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: procedure
context 1: TRIPLES THE PRICE OF THE PROCEDURE !! They basically said there
context 2: City revue ! ** THE PROCEDURE ** Before my procedure I
context 3: ** DAY 1 POST - PROCEDURE ** I went right back

term: Four
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: four
context 1: few days now . Day Four : feel like there 's
context 2: Here ’s the deal . Four weeks ago , I was
context 3: diet change . Nothing . Four weeks ago today . They

term: Rather
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: rather
context 1: Schwarzenegger impersonation now too . Rather , just use the same
context 2: going down incorrect paths . Rather than all the complex tests
context 3: sensation in my chest . Rather , it ’s that croaking

term: Learned
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: learn
context 1: https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/whr5ec/progress\_after\_botox\_procedure\_on\_812022/](https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/whr5ec/progress_after_botox_procedure_on_812022/) # Tips / Lessons Learned : * In the end
context 2: this my entire life . Learned it finally became a condition
context 3: Learned how to miniburp two weeks

term: Apart
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: apart
context 1: Apart from a sore throat I
context 2: a 19 y/o male . Apart from the occasional accidental burp
context 3: the risk of addiction . Apart from them , my mother

term: terrified
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: terrified
context 1: , and I was definitely terrified of vomiting at that age
context 2: to burp and am also terrified of vomiting . I 've
context 3: . Every night I 'm terrified that this extreme bloating is

term: Blood
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: blood
context 1: , nonodorous loud farts . Blood tests , stool tests are
context 2: scheduled for the 25th . Blood pressure is still a concern
context 3: can figure it out . Blood work is fine etc ....

term: insured
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: insure
context 1: until 2019 . Have been insured with BUPA since 2011 too
context 2: for that . I ’m insured by Kaiser so anything outside
context 3: I am and you are insured or have the funds to

term: defined
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: define
context 1: before , and it is defined as what happens when a
context 2: to eat bloating foods she defined as : caffeine , dark
context 3: is “ pushing ” burps defined as ?

term: biopsies
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: biopsie
context 1: eosinophilic esophagitis , in which biopsies confirmed ~ 60 eosinophils in
context 2: tests including manometry and done biopsies which have come back with
context 3: looking , they can take biopsies ( if needed ) ,

term: weakening
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: weaken
context 1: procreate as we would be weakening the gene pool . She
context 2: work - is it by weakening the area , or strengthening
context 3: LES first and make sure weakening the UES would n't make

term: descriptions
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: description
context 1: it does n’t match the descriptions of R - CPD .
context 2: listed symptoms and other patient descriptions I am 100 % sure
context 3: like this but maybe my descriptions might be of help to

term: Frequent
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: frequent
context 1: me about it . * Frequent hiccups ( a single hiccup
context 2: spiritual breakthrough . As a Frequent Flyer of the Astral Planes
context 3: * frequent for me . Frequent as in , if I

term: resolving
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: resolve
context 1: ever heard of this problem resolving and returning ? Fourth :
context 2: I ’ve ever felt about resolving my bloat — been told
context 3: taken the first step to resolving this : unfortunately , I

term: wheels
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: wheel
context 1: this period where the training wheels are slowly coming off .
context 2: its own without the training wheels ( botox ) . Considering
context 3: and just needed some training wheels . It 's been 5

term: Free
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: free
context 1: girlfriend spend time here . Free registration . SY9VObPw
context 2: chat with Russian girls . Free registration . MoTUDBDYI
context 3: Diets tried : * Gluten Free * FODMAPs * Dairy Free

term: contained
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: contain
context 1: formula fed and the formula contained lactose ) , but back
context 2: was greasy or if it contained wheat / grains , milk
context 3: a part of the air contained in my stomach and my

term: Burped
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: burp
context 1: for my gastritis . :) Burped a few times while talking
context 2: my body started burping . Burped about 6 - 7 times
context 3: I Burped My Whole Life and One

term: flaring
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: flare
context 1: it seems my gastritis is flaring up so I 'm too
context 2: same time my symptoms started flaring so I ’d also blamed
context 3: . The feeling of gas flaring up in my throat comes

term: WTF
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: wtf
context 1: see them for gas . WTF . this has been a
context 2: 25 times or something !!! WTF ! It 's amazing ,
context 3: this page , after google WTF was wrong with me and

term: repetitions
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: repetition
context 1: lowers it back for 15 repetitions . &nbsp ; https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/e4y1xq/hey_pals_im_cured_no_operation/ How
context 2: I started with about 10 repetitions for side ( * with
context 3: I mean a series of repetitions * ) . I made

term: seated
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: seat
context 1: and i 've started doing seated shaker exercises . i 'm
context 2: to get the Botox fully seated in the muscle ...... but
context 3: from holding yourself in this seated position . If standing ,

term: Wang
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: wang
context 1: Appointment with Dr. Sean Wang
context 2: diagnostic appointment with Dr. Sean Wang in Dublin , CA today
context 3: past Friday with Dr. Sean Wang in the bay area .

term: Keeping
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: keep
context 1: get Botox in January . Keeping my fingers crossed for now
context 2: and I feel good ! Keeping you updated ...
context 3: Thank you thank you ! Keeping my fingers crossed that I

term: Round
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: round
context 1: so it was time for Round 2 , but this time
context 2: it . So I had Round 2 YESTERDAY with Dr. B.
context 3: was appropriate . Just like Round 1 last year , post

term: arranged
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: arrange
context 1: March . Barium swallow is arranged for April . DAY OF
context 2: is the Dr that 's arranged the Gastroscopy has asked for
context 3: Greetings . I have arranged for family to take care

term: Sending
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: send
context 1: has gotten so intense . Sending love to everyone . Here
context 2: discuss with your insurer . Sending them this information may be
context 3: feeling nauseous all night ! Sending love to all my fellow

term: Foods
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: foods
context 1: So I was in Whole Foods the other day looking at
context 2: gas in earlier digestion ? Foods to help minimize bloating ?
context 3: 've done for you ? Foods , pillows , ice packs

term: aspirated
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: aspirate
context 1: they regurgitated a lot and aspirated from it , suffering from
context 2: up mid vomit . I aspirated it as well and now
context 3: have any signs that I aspirated any food . I was

term: hospitalized
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: hospitalize
context 1: him , he was even hospitalized back in April ... I
context 2: that caused me to be hospitalized , and I ’m kind
context 3: burp . I ’ll be hospitalized overnight afterward to make sure

term: thighs
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: thigh
context 1: and head parallel to my thighs . All of a sudden
context 2: had random burning in my thighs ) . So I have
context 3: or tightness usually in the thighs ) , now add chronic

term: Yoga
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: yoga
context 1: much trouble with gurgling . Yoga is only possible for me
context 2: . There are even some Yoga poses that really help digestion
context 3: air ? Diet changes ? Yoga ? Different positions ? Some

term: deleted
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: delete
context 1: had asked this yesterday and deleted it , but I was
context 2: got marked as spam and deleted , probably because of all
context 3: got marked as spam and deleted , probably because of all

term: PDF
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: pdf
context 1: procedure to their doctor . PDF : [ https://www.entandaudiologynews.com/media/32408/entja23-hidi.pdf](https://www.entandaudiologynews.com/media/32408/entja23-hidi.pdf) Web :
context 2: subreddit and I attached a PDF of Dr Bastian 's paper
context 3: : [ https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11474230/](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11474230/) * Full PDF : [ https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11474230/pdf/OTO2-8-e70014.pdf](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11474230/pdf/OTO2-8-e70014.pdf) ** 2019

term: proves
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: prove
context 1: gagging / vomiting , that proves how terrible it was )
context 2: pray he burps , it proves effective and it works .
context 3: but wet goo . This proves that the UES is still

term: Roeselare
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: roeselare
context 1: : myself * Belgium --- Roeselare : Dr. Lieve Delsupehe -
context 2: : myself * Belgium --- Roeselare : Dr. Lieve Delsupehe *
context 3: with Dr Delsupehe in Belgium Roeselare . I traveled there from

term: Charleston
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: charleston
context 1: on the Noburp subreddit * Charleston , South Carolina : Dr.
context 2: on the Noburp subreddit * Charleston , South Carolina : Dr.
context 3: the noburp thing is in Charleston SC , so I was

term: Laryngopedia
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: laryngopedia
context 1: . R. Bastian \*\*\** The Laryngopedia Team
context 2: " lol that 's called Laryngopedia or something it 's not
context 3: explaining it . Boom , Laryngopedia youtube channel . Boom ,

term: though
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: though
context 1: switched to lactose free even though all my life I had
context 2: 25 % of the time though I 've only been trying
context 3: week . For some reason though , I 'm able to

term: OG
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: og
context 1: Botox since he ’s the OG noburp doctor . How is
context 2: make the trip to see OG Bastian ’s Institute . Although
context 3: know he 's the triple OG to us no burpers ,

term: messages
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: message
context 1: . Any hopeful / reassuring messages about the procedure , the
context 2: 've been going through old messages , searching for success stories
context 3: team who really on relay messages . Will keep you posted

term: correcting
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: correct
context 1: use the cpap even after correcting the pressure several times .
context 2: and have been focusing on correcting my tongue posture - keeping
context 3: chest out ( as if correcting posture ) . And it

term: leggings
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: legging
context 1: put on anything other than leggings or loose shorts , I
context 2: . I have lived in leggings and baggy clothes as long
context 3: I wear baggy dresses , leggings , and sweaters to hide

term: scoped
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: scope
context 1: , air vomiting . she scoped my throat and looked at
context 2: I was going to be scoped . I have emetophobia and
context 3: reappeared slowly . I got scoped again , and again the

term: labs
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: lab
context 1: and abdominal pains . All labs if had everything comes back
context 2: 614 Pre operation physical and labs $ 330 Surgery Doctor $
context 3: After running gut and blood labs she discovered massive nutrient deficiencies

term: Video
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: video
context 1: [ Larynx Lowering How -to Video ] ( <UNK> Hello everyone
context 2: Video for those who want to
context 3: Paper : [ https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X19834553](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X19834553) * Video : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_P4K1tyAEHY&t=1s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P4K1tyAEHY&t=1s) &#x200B ;

term: xD
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: xd
context 1: this footage is resurfacing now xD
context 2: it 's not just me xD It 's always awkward making
context 3: go other way out . xD Tbh I also get disgusted

term: O’
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: o’
context 1: Had my Botox with Dr. O’ Dell at USC . It
context 2: the procedure with Dr Karla O’ Dell ( who is great
context 3: my botox injection with Dr. O’ Dell next month and am

term: navigating
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: navigate
context 1: on Her heels Days spent navigating ailments we 'll examine later
context 2: am having a hard time navigating doctors / procedures . I
context 3: ’m not super familiar with navigating this kind of thing (

term: Zoloft
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: zoloft
context 1: , and I ’m on Zoloft so I do n’t cry
context 2: new prescription . I started Zoloft for depression around the time
context 3: . My GP prescribed me Zoloft which I have n't started

term: judging
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: judge
context 1: you are women ? Because judging by what I 've read
context 2: a even a few hours judging by my condition i have
context 3: this problem had gone away judging by how I did n't

term: presenting
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: present
context 1: or have many ways of presenting that can be mistaken for
context 2: UES into the throat , presenting LPR . Luckily , the
context 3: in how your condition is presenting , pay attention to that

term: precautions
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: precaution
context 1: ? ( Taking the proper precautions obviously . ) I understand
context 2: that because I took these precautions ( and also probably I
context 3: to be aware of the precautions I 'd need to take

term: flavors
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: flavor
context 1: acid or vomit - like flavors , particularly if I 'm
context 2: point where I can taste flavors from foods I had eaten
context 3: trying new styles and new flavors , but after ~ 2

term: compressed
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: compress
context 1: feel like my thorax is compressed by the water . Maybe
context 2: the nerve got pinched / compressed / damaged from how much
context 3: times it can make the compressed feeling worse 6 . Banging

term: Awesome
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: awesome
context 1: from my upper abdomen . Awesome . But here ’s the
context 2: Awesome post ! Theories like this
context 3: Awesome ! And great advice about

term: Monash
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: monash
context 1: to plead my case with Monash as there was n’t an
context 2: list for the botox at Monash hospital . The consultation with
context 3: on the wait list for Monash ? Or he just recommended

term: Tu
frequency: 16
lemmatized_to: tu
context 1: unités pour ma part . Tu n'as plus du tout de
context 2: maintenant 2 mois ) . Tu en as sûrement entendu parler
context 3: juste avant de dormir . Tu dois sûrement penser que c'est

term: Group
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: group
context 1: letter to my Clinical Commissioning Group to ask permission to refer
context 2: my local NHS Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG ) with my
context 3: New to Group , Anyone else struggle with

term: costing
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: cost
context 1: Dr Karagama for a consultation costing £ 600 for that and
context 2: surgery center was denied ( costing me about 4,000 + )
context 3: ~5 hours per drive , costing about 90€ per ride .

term: Kuderer
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: kuderer
context 1: the wiki : Dr. James Kuderer
context 2: for dysphagia . James E. Kuderer , DO Ear , Nose
context 3: to go to James E. Kuderer in St. Louis Park ,

term: Possible
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: possible
context 1: Possible Related Lung Issues
context 2: situation , for reference . Possible GERD / hiatus hernia ,
context 3: cause for symptoms identified . Possible very small right midpole renal

term: ETA
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: eta
context 1: the bloating pain disappeared . ETA : lost 2kg that weekend
context 2: will only get worse . ETA : in case it ’s
context 3: your help ! Hana Zickgraf ETA : More accurate estimate of

term: David
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: david
context 1: this whole subreddit scream “ David Farrier Documentary ? ”
context 2: botox procedure ? Cheers , David
context 3: like some sort of terrible David Blaine magic - trick circa

term: Silent
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: silent
context 1: Silent GERD
context 2: LPR , also known as Silent Reflux ) , meaning the
context 3: might be Laryngopharyngeal Reflux ( Silent Reflux ) . I 'm

term: Ice
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: ice
context 1: coughing quite a bit . Ice was n't helping so I
context 2: it is getting better . Ice cream and milkshakes have been
context 3: problems just very slowly . Ice lollies have been a god

term: Mike
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: mike
context 1: My name is Mike Moscaritolo I ’m from New
context 2: is that I 've bought Mike & Ike 's jelly beans
context 3: in January . Thankfully , Mike Moscaritolo

term: AIR
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: air
context 1: on this forum call it AIR VOMIT . I have never
context 2: 2 ° EXERCISE : “ AIR VOMITING ” ** This exercise
context 3: I recently learnt how to AIR VOMIT ! Which has changed

term: groaning
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: groan
context 1: more often , a deep groaning sound inside my chest .
context 2: my chest would do the groaning thing on it 's own
context 3: ’ve always gotten these horrible groaning noises in my throat /

term: Year
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: year
context 1: were others !!! Happy New Year lol , I ’m starting
context 2: your first pain free New Year .... woohoo ! I 'm
context 3: with food . Happy New Year everyone !!

term: landed
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: land
context 1: how my inability to burp landed me in the hospital .
context 2: my issue was until I landed here . Traditional doctors ,
context 3: the inability to burp has landed me in the hospital several

term: AF
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: af
context 1: . It will become uncomfortable AF . Eventually you will reach
context 2: ’s sudden ( and random AF ?? ) breakthrough with burping
context 3: just thought I was weird AF . Then I explain to

term: Beano
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: beano
context 1: like Gas - X , Beano etc. - I ’ve had
context 2: I 've tried Gas-x and Beano and they both work but
context 3: find that Gas X or Beano does n’t help at all

term: Male
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: male
context 1: 26 Y /O Male , Oxfordshire Like so many
context 2: helpful , I 'm a Male 29 years old , turning
context 3: am 33 yrs old . Male . I Was a fitness

term: dreams
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: dream
context 1: this bad . I have dreams where the flood gates open
context 2: it was something from my dreams , but no i could
context 3: on socializing or your actual dreams . You just have to

term: RIGHT
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: right
context 1: STAY ON MY BACK OR RIGHT SIDE . I have to
context 2: ’s no burps that come RIGHT after i eat / drink
context 3: refuses to do botox the RIGHT way until after this exam

term: counted
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: count
context 1: fart anymore . I actually counted yesterday and it was 6
context 2: 0930 a microburp !! I counted so far 7 . There
context 3: burps per day ( I counted lol ) which helped reduce

term: peaked
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: peak
context 1: feel down . This all peaked when I got into a
context 2: worsened through college , and peaked when I was \ ~
context 3: very worried that I just peaked quickly and now am going

term: invested
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: invest
context 1: my friends are all very invested in my ability to burp
context 2: , energy , and money invested and just hope it works
context 3: super nice and was really invested in hearing about my symptoms

term: proving
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: prove
context 1: done on me , all proving that I was " fine
context 2: here … the gastroenterologist is proving the lack of burping is
context 3: . Which my body is proving to me right now as

term: smelling
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: smell
context 1: it typically worse or better smelling than a normal person ?
context 2: and she sprayed a mint smelling blast up my nose which
context 3: an enormous , stank ass smelling , surprisingly warm burp and

term: requests
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: request
context 1: ” and is open to requests for how many units I
context 2: this problem . Please approve requests to help these patients .
context 3: Due to a bunch of requests from those who missed the

term: Hola
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: hola
context 1: Hola a todos ! Escribo desde
context 2: Hola , algún español por aquí
context 3: Hola ! Yo me atendí con

term: smelled
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: smell
context 1: pants all day and then smelled fast food . Did n't
context 2: the air escaped as I smelled / tasted the burp in
context 3: . Guys … my breath smelled like actual shit . There

term: Particularly
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: particularly
context 1: who 's done it . Particularly interested in : ( 1
context 2: long period of time . Particularly if i miss breakfast and
context 3: and neck muscles were . Particularly the left hand side of

term: Bit
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: bit
context 1: could but min 75 ) Bit tired and a little sore
context 2: Day 5 post botox -** Bit of a mixed bag today
context 3: Bit of a ramble is anyone

term: banned
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: ban
context 1: ) . My sister has banned me from eating alone and
context 2: in her stomach … we banned her from drinking anything carbonated
context 3: up why other countries have banned fluoride thank you I 'm

term: adapted
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: adapt
context 1: how your lower esophagus had adapted to the condition and the
context 2: in my life , I adapted a chest - tapping method
context 3: recovery process and how they adapted .

term: phases
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: phase
context 1: . I 'll go through phases of being able to poop
context 2: and i ’ve gone through phases of consistently working out and
context 3: I went through a few phases . First , I could

term: maintained
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: maintain
context 1: . Has anyone lost or maintained weight after Botox ?
context 2: understandable . However , I maintained that a lifetime of freedom
context 3: the ability to belch is maintained over time without the need

term: Diego
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: diego
context 1: ! I live in San Diego and have flown out to
context 2: Kaiser doctor in San Diego
context 3: by University of California San Diego comparing symptomatic RCPD group –

term: flown
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: fly
context 1: in San Diego and have flown out to Dr. Bastian twice
context 2: was exhausted because we had flown back to my home state
context 3: feeling nervous ( have n't flown in over 20 years )

term: Phone
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: phone
context 1: 200 Irvine , CA 92604 Phone : 714-456-7017 http://ent.uci.edu
context 2: ] country ** Contact **\- Phone :- Email :- Website :
context 3: Kaiser Permanente insurance only ! Phone # for KP Tacoma :

term: Ironically
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: ironically
context 1: it feels very wrong . Ironically , I can not wait
context 2: my no burp situation . Ironically , I used to live
context 3: inside you to practice . Ironically , you start big and

term: dismissing
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: dismiss
context 1: doc suggesting it and somewhat dismissing Dr Bastian 's study ...
context 2: Doctors keep dismissing me . Any advice ?
context 3: n't have . They kept dismissing me saying " oh this

term: tucking
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: tuck
context 1: shower , I noticed that tucking my chin down to the
context 2: the tailbone so I started tucking it inward as I walk
context 3: your collarbone , as if tucking your chin and touching it

term: hindered
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: hinder
context 1: feel as they are being hindered by food in its way
context 2: ) and wonder if that hindered my ability to burp .
context 3: burp and digestive abilities are hindered . Find out where your

term: belched
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: belch
context 1: . I have NEVER " belched " in my entire life
context 2: bottle of Galliano and immediately belched like a barbarian or something
context 3: Institute . I have n't belched , but since then I

term: Bellevue
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: bellevue
context 1: Villari , an ENT in Bellevue , on the list in
context 2: I met Dr. Vallari in Bellevue WA on Friday , and
context 3: tomorrow with Dr. Villari in Bellevue , WA and I am

term: voices
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: voice
context 1: How is your guys ’ voices ? Also would getting the
context 2: on the throat and gurgling voices .. and sometimes the burp
context 3: all the time .. gurgling voices from the stomach and i

term: Common
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: common
context 1: in a quiet environment . Common sense , but not necessarily
context 2: to a stressful trigger . Common triggers include strain , stress
context 3: be what 's happening ! Common scenarios that trigger it are

term: SEVERE
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: severe
context 1: . At 19 i developed SEVERE acid reflux . I was
context 2: is relevant - i get SEVERE anxiety when I feel nauseas
context 3: out there who is experiencing SEVERE LARYNGOSPASMS like am . Online

term: persisted
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: persist
context 1: a day . The reflux persisted so i had an endoscopy
context 2: a bit . it has persisted over the past few weeks
context 3: gurgles . That new sensation persisted . This morning I ate

term: destroying
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: destroy
context 1: too ? It ’s been destroying my life recently and the
context 2: get rid of this life destroying dis function !
context 3: it hurts . It 's destroying my quality of life currently

term: sneezed
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: sneez
context 1: did feel worse when i sneezed or yawned . Day 2
context 2: side , or yawned , sneezed , or laughed they came
context 3: allergies that and I have sneezed a lil but i have

term: GORD
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: gord
context 1: I had a diagnosis of GORD , but the treatment was
context 2: . i think i have GORD , i think i may
context 3: the point where i developed GORD . I ’m getting really

term: downsides
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: downside
context 1: . Now the very few downsides . Firstly ca n't do
context 2: to let the gas escape downsides and to stop the gurgling
context 3: . There 's a few downsides , but they 're preferable

term: Heart
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: heart
context 1: Heart palpitations , chest pain ,
context 2: like i am getting . Heart rate increases and anxiety sets
context 3: the potential of GERD vs. Heart Issues vs . Whatever else

term: Roemheld
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: roemheld
context 1: this what ’s causing my Roemheld Syndrome ?
context 2: ’m not entirely sure since Roemheld Syndrome is n’t a formally
context 3: Roemheld syndrom and no burp

term: approaches
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: approach
context 1: , but they have different approaches to the pre-op process Doctor
context 2: as that 2 week mark approaches . I ’d do anything
context 3: non-surgical / non - injection approaches for now and see what

term: beats
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: beat
context 1: , even my heart skips beats ( PVC , PAC )
context 2: rate has been like 10 beats higher than usual , I
context 3: heart palpitations ? ( skipped beats )

term: Primary
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: primary
context 1: he will do surgery at Primary Children 's Hospital . The
context 2: University of Utah Hospital and Primary Children 's .
context 3: to several hospitals and my Primary doc for it where all

term: Hell
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: hell
context 1: The r/noburp Hell No Starter Pack
context 2: What the Hell does the first Google suggested
context 3: my father that day . Hell , they gave me crackers

term: Gagging
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: gagging
context 1: - I 'm sorry . Gagging really does take so much
context 2: Day 2 : Morning : Gagging and choking every time I
context 3: people mentioned it ) * Gagging or coughing * Deep breaths

term: irritates
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: irritate
context 1: damage my stomach again and irritates the way that it become
context 2: water , but even water irritates me when I swallow .
context 3: has a bitter taste and irritates the throat . This has

term: Large
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: large
context 1: time ’ 3 . ⁠‘ Large Bowel mucosa with No significant
context 2: - 6 smaller ones . Large meals make me extremely bloated
context 3: audible and slightly longer * Large -> loud and long *

term: referenced
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: reference
context 1: two years , i ve referenced this as “ i read
context 2: it was THE thing i referenced as a defense . me
context 3: so many people here have referenced that . &nbsp ; **

term: shifting
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: shift
context 1: feel some internal air pressure shifting around and rising up .
context 2: you might feel the pressure shifting around / rising as your
context 3: that it 's just air shifting around , but I 'm

term: isolating
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: isolate
context 1: its very socially embarrassing and isolating . The only relief seems
context 2: . It 's been really isolating and stressful for me .
context 3: a better chance of " isolating " the right muscle .

term: Study
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: study
context 1: Study about THC ’s esophageal side
context 2: anyone here had Esophageal Motility Study ? If so , what
context 3: Study of genetic factors in R

term: pooping
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: poop
context 1: any sort of relief after pooping because of this . The
context 2: prob just thinks you 're pooping anyways No burp problems edits
context 3: barely fart and have started pooping every day ( sometimes even

term: Clair
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: clair
context 1: at Lakeshore ENT in St. Clair Shores , MI on 11/30
context 2: Adam Rubin out of St. Clair Shores , Michigan . A
context 3: source [ <UNK> * St. Clair Shores , MI : Dr.

term: monitors
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: monitor
context 1: . For the IVs and monitors , I hate the feeling
context 2: They showed me all the monitors and talked and were n’t
context 3: collaboration of a neurophysiologist who monitors the muscle to verify that

term: identifying
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: identify
context 1: be asked to provide any identifying information . It should take
context 2: and found the emerging research identifying it as a condition with
context 3: and am getting better at identifying the type of feeling that

term: crisps
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: crisp
context 1: . Plus a bag of crisps ( over the span of
context 2: find if i eat some crisps i will become bloated and
context 3: slow swallowing yet and had crisps in the evening without any

term: FIRST
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: first
context 1: . * Day 7 : FIRST BURP ! A small one
context 2: FIRST :- Download all three of
context 3: vomit and ... 6:15 pm FIRST ACTUAL SPONTANEOUS BURP Again 6:38

term: Arrived
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: arrive
context 1: the same people again . Arrived at 530 am . Was
context 2: April . DAY OF PROCEDURE Arrived at hospital , no prep
context 3: surgery . Day 1 - Arrived at the hospital at 6:30

term: websites
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: website
context 1: and after a loooot of websites I found this article from
context 2: literally credited on multiple medical websites and studies . It 's
context 3: to that . On many websites about R - CPD it

term: touches
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: touch
context 1: at my boyfriend if he touches my stomach in the wrong
context 2: . 30 chin to chest touches . So this twice a
context 3: by 30 chest to chin touches , then 10 minutes of

term: Gon
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: go
context 1: face unintentionally ? Yup . Gon na have to wait this
context 2: really well which sucks . Gon na try and just maintain
context 3: and a total surprise . Gon na keep trying !! Burp

term: settling
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: settling
context 1: looking forward the the " settling " everyone talks about .
context 2: burps . Any tips for settling food faster ? It goes
context 3: medication meant for GERD and settling your stomach but I do

term: survived
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: survive
context 1: etc ) - and I survived a girls weekend full of
context 2: concern any more , and survived drinking soda like a normal
context 3: hard to swallow ! i survived on mushy noodles and thicker

term: Skip
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: skip
context 1: got the procedure covered ! Skip to the bottom for tips
context 2: ** Skip to the bottom if you
context 3: coming from my throat .** Skip to March 2008 ( a

term: Extreme
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: extreme
context 1: Extreme gas pain in pelvis ?
context 2: burp ( obvs ) * Extreme bloating especially in the evening
context 3: burped in my life - Extreme bloated feeling - Very loud

term: Famotidine
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: famotidine
context 1: so I started Omeprazole and Famotidine . Day 5 : Burping
context 2: Famotidine did wonders for me for
context 3: reducers as an adult . Famotidine , loratidine , that sort

term: Soup
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: soup
context 1: I had soup again . Soup is getting OLD but it
context 2: to see the doctor . Soup always gives me severe Gurgles
context 3: , I will regurgitate . Soup is even too hard for

term: Worse
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: bad
context 1: Worse acid refluxe after being able
context 2: of trapped gas lately . Worse than normal . Lots of
context 3: Worse before Menstration

term: cracked
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: crack
context 1: the moment , but then cracked a cola with my friends
context 2: for neck pain . She cracked my neck in different directions
context 3: our friends and beers were cracked soon after our arrival .

term: listens
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: listen
context 1: doctor that actually cares and listens . I am not sure
context 2: He was great and truly listens to his patients . It
context 3: like when your doctor actually listens to you ? ! ”

term: AGAIN
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: again
context 1: afraid it wo n't work AGAIN . I 'm one of
context 2: , DO NOT DISTURB ME AGAIN . THERE ARE A LOT
context 3: ? Did I do botox AGAIN too soon ? Why are

term: served
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: serve
context 1: the food that ’s being served , so SOMETIMES if the
context 2: today . Which , essentially served to tell me that the
context 3: research was ineffective but still served to boost my confidence as

term: punched
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: punch
context 1: , like I had been punched hard there . This took
context 2: to yourself ) * I punched myself in the throat to
context 3: I am about to be punched in the stomach . If

term: Pantoprazole
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: pantoprazole
context 1: ( PPIs ) prescription ( Pantoprazole ) so I take one
context 2: weeks of taking prescription antacid Pantoprazole helped it settle down .
context 3: reflux ( I ’ve taken Pantoprazole every day now for 5

term: paralyzing
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: paralyze
context 1: stop once the botox stops paralyzing the UES / Cricopharyngeus ?**
context 2: that it was logical that paralyzing part of my throat open
context 3: the diagnosis process again is paralyzing . I guess I ’m

term: Galati
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: galati
context 1: that is mentioned ( Dr Galati ) in this group .
context 2: into my throat . Dr Galati had used 40 u of
context 3: the botox surgery with Dr. Galati in Albany 4 days ago

term: VA
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: va
context 1: CPD treatment at my local VA GI clinic . [ SLC
context 2: out to ENT at the VA to see if they can
context 3: knowledge . I want the VA to see R - CPD

term: Talk
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: talk
context 1: would n’t shut up . Talk about a mood killer .
context 2: the exact same thing . Talk about validation ! This symptom
context 3: for coming to my Ted Talk

term: opportunities
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: opportunity
context 1: regret turning down a few opportunities for short notice cancellations due
context 2: to help me create gurgle opportunities easier . And the best
context 3: I am constantly turning down opportunities because I feel so sick

term: herbs
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: herb
context 1: camomile , any type of herbs , all completely fine .
context 2: started with accupuncture and tcm herbs , I was able to
context 3: . I am prescribed Chinese herbs for gut health , I

term: struck
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: strike
context 1: fairly inevitably I 've been struck down with COVID , which
context 2: a huge burp ! It struck me that he had allways
context 3: at the practice , which struck me as unusual since many

term: BEST
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: good
context 1: GOT MY DEGREES FROM THE BEST UNIVERSITIES FROM GREECE , EUROPE
context 2: . " Burping is the BEST and I never tire of
context 3: 's just great . The BEST news is that I 'm

term: riding
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: ride
context 1: I 've been walking and riding my bike far more often
context 2: it 's kind of like riding a bike . It 's
context 3: days later and I 'm riding my bike to Panera for

term: tended
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: tend
context 1: had with my gurgles which tended to be lower down and
context 2: active . For those that tended to have more of these
context 3: It was hard because I tended to breathe from my mouth

term: staring
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: stare
context 1: has the same problems when staring to burp or similar it
context 2: trying to eat something while staring straight ahead and not looking
context 3: leaning my head back ( staring at the ceiling , shoulders

term: Half
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: half
context 1: alcohol was the air . Half a year later remembering that
context 2: I feel massively seen . Half of a beer will NUKE
context 3: done the same day . Half an hour later I was

term: «
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: ''
context 1: a lot or more than « normal » they also appear
context 2: had the impression that it « unlocked » something . After
context 3: . This is the worst « side effect » and I

term: »
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: ''
context 1: or more than « normal » they also appear more frequently
context 2: impression that it « unlocked » something . After this day
context 3: the worst « side effect » and I hope it gets

term: acquired
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: acquire
context 1: love big challenges with newly acquired skills . It probably went
context 2: bit miffed that my newly acquired ability to burp is causing
context 3: I found that I had acquired the ability to burp .

term: youngest
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: young
context 1: so uncomfortable . As the youngest of 4 kids , I
context 2: sometime this year . Our youngest also has the condition ,
context 3: maybe middle school . My youngest made a croaking noise after

term: OHIP
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: ohip
context 1: itself is n't covered under OHIP , and it 's about
context 2: Chicago treatment - OHIP reimbursement ?
context 3: share their experience re : OHIP reimbursement claim . Has anyone

term: Slight
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: slight
context 1: Slight Epiphany
context 2: , feeling pretty good . Slight irritation in my throat ,
context 3: be in a week . Slight lump in throat , and

term: wired
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: wire
context 1: sleep last night . Too wired , but feel great .
context 2: that it was not only wired not to burp , but
context 3: esophagus , the brain is wired to keep the ** UES

term: Motrin
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: motrin
context 1: sitter . I bought liquid Motrin and bottled water for the
context 2: more after picking up some Motrin for the throat soreness .
context 3: sore throat , but two Motrin helped a lot . Had

term: Gurgle
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: gurgle
context 1: my old friend , The Gurgle . When this happens ,
context 2: Gurgle escalation
context 3: tips ? Much love , Gurgle the frog

term: agreeing
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: agree
context 1: it looks like they are agreeing to pay for the consultation
context 2: ages lowkey gaslighting me into agreeing that im exaggerating , it
context 3: sent a fairly comprehensive email agreeing that it would work and

term: SSRI
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: ssri
context 1: that got worse due to SSRI withdrawal .. I do n't
context 2: dry mouth ( and other SSRI side effects ) , etc.
context 3: SSRI lessened pain / symptoms

term: resorted
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: resort
context 1: that many people here have resorted to private - pay for
context 2: to the point i ’ve resorted to wearing a respirator when
context 3: my whole life and have resorted to air - vomiting after

term: stones
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: stone
context 1: I ’ve always blamed tonsil stones for . Not sure if
context 2: have a gallbladder full of stones . I ’m thinking this
context 3: Noburp indirectly linked to tonsil stones ?

term: theirs
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: their
context 1: others on here have got theirs tomorrow as well . I
context 2: my symptoms are nothing like theirs . It finally dawned on
context 3: treatment , in the UK theirs one doctor specialising in Manchester

term: edited
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: edit
context 1: momentous when it happens — edited to add , only because
context 2: with Dr. Holmes ( ** edited because I ’m an idiot
context 3: I have NOT * ( edited ) been able to have

term: tuned
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: tune
context 1: to complete . ... stay tuned !
context 2: coming weeks . So stay tuned for some new * CoLoRS
context 3: able to microburp . Stay tuned ! Edit : 7/1/21 .

term: ciders
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: cider
context 1: Managed to drink a few ciders and not be uncomfortable !
context 2: at least 3 - 4 ciders every day for the past
context 3: Today - whilst drinking the ciders and relaxing downstairs I done

term: counts
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: count
context 1: I was correct on both counts . About 2 weeks after
context 2: . Not sure if that counts as a burp . However
context 3: do n’t know if that counts as no burp or whether

term: planes
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: plane
context 1: ears when she flies on planes . They do n't pop
context 2: than others . Flying in planes seems to make it worse
context 3: than others . Flying in planes seems to make it worse

term: consists
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: consist
context 1: I 'll puke . Methode consists of finding ( clean )
context 2: psychiatrist in a medical setting consists of convincing colleagues in other
context 3: them . My newfound hell consists of : * Burning ,

term: sprays
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: spray
context 1: quickly . First , he sprays some numbing spray into the
context 2: nose . He sprayed 2 sprays in each nostril and I
context 3: drip and was prescribed nose sprays . The problem with nose

term: pounding
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: pounding
context 1: gorilla in hopes that the pounding would ease the pain of
context 2: ! ) 3 . Chest pounding . Smack your chest with
context 3: your head bobbing and chest pounding motion to encourage it ,

term: Peter
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: peter
context 1: . A 2010 study by Peter Balafsky showed that traction applied
context 2: two names : * Dr. Peter Belafsky at UC Davis Health
context 3: Spoke with Dr. Peter Baxter ( Kaiser - Sunset

term: Kost
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: kost
context 1: . Her name is Dr. Kost , in Montréal . "
context 2: having an appointment with Dr. Kost , suggested by an ENT
context 3: , I was in Dr. Kost office at the Royal Victoria

term: textures
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: texture
context 1: eat small bites of different textures of food that have a
context 2: to eat foods with certain textures . If it 's the
context 3: it comes to odd food textures or strong smells . For

term: contorting
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: contort
context 1: some beers at home and contorting myself in the bathroom ,
context 2: success . I 've tried contorting myself in every possible way
context 3: the camp of turning and contorting my head sideways to open

term: Pressure
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: pressure
context 1: a kid and teen . Pressure in my stomach after eating
context 2: causes stomach pain sometimes - Pressure in chest - Hypersalivation !!!
context 3: esophagus . Chronic Bloating & Pressure Build - Up → The

term: Apple
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: apple
context 1: Apple Cider Vinegar for Gurgles
context 2: larynx is the Adam 's Apple - - everyone has one
context 3: be found on Spotify , Apple , Bandcamp , etc. under

term: Point
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: point
context 1: 'm 18 btw Edit : Point of this post was generally
context 2: can call the TTUHSC Ethics Point Hotline : 1-866-294-9352 . Or
context 3: burger ) , and Ballast Point ( brewery - obviously could

term: choosing
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: choose
context 1: to and ENT of my choosing . After visiting said ENT
context 2: a practice soda of my choosing I was very easily able
context 3: Turning to the side and choosing when to burp ( slightly

term: Zero
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: zero
context 1: ’s see what happens . Zero bloating . Zero pain .
context 2: happens . Zero bloating . Zero pain . I was n’t
context 3: ( 20 units ) * Zero results , micro burps disappeared

term: inhibitors
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: inhibitor
context 1: and constantly prescribed proton pump inhibitors , the pain definitely goes
context 2: and prescribed proton - pump inhibitors , and maybe a few
context 3: I was given proton pump inhibitors which reduced the hernia but

term: capped
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: cap
context 1: tube …. but it is capped ..! Only to uncap to
context 2: problem , by having a capped nasal gastric tube in place
context 3: constantly relieve gas . If capped , and you bloat up

term: guessed
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: guess
context 1: it is and kinda just guessed that surgery could solve it
context 2: what went wrong . You guessed it .... COVID . I
context 3: I sit down ? You guessed it , the farts are

term: minds
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: mind
context 1: and see images in your minds eye . Also was your
context 2: sick ' feeling in our minds when we have the croaks
context 3: is really powerful over our minds , but my determination to

term: MANY
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: many
context 1: doing it ( I know MANY people do n’t regret it
context 2: those . I am forcing MANY of my burps . It
context 3: the plus side : SO MANY BURPS ! It is WONDERFUL

term: specialises
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: specialise
context 1: there a paediatric consultant who specialises in this ? Willing to
context 2: in the UK , who specialises in this ? I ’m
context 3: by a gastroenterologist ( Who specialises in disorders of the sphincter

term: Yours
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: your
context 1: your breathing all day . Yours truly Santi Meremans
context 2: , mine showed 137.5 ! Yours is way higher than mine
context 3: Yours looks a lot different to

term: Green
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: green
context 1: to and loved were : Green Street Smoked Meats ( BBQ
context 2: Hank Green talked about us !
context 3: Hank Green talked about R - CPD

term: outlined
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: outline
context 1: into detail on what was outlined in journal . .... OK
context 2: WEEK 1 * * As outlined in my universally acclaimed vid
context 3: doing this thing I 've outlined so we can get more

term: intensified
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: intensify
context 1: little but it has really intensified over the past 2ish years
context 2: neck / back pain had intensified and spread onto my breast
context 3: years now , but it intensified around November - December of

term: supports
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: support
context 1: . Oh , and he supports Colorado Public Radio ( heard
context 2: it -- which kind of supports the idea that my muscles
context 3: My experience supports some of your thoughts here

term: Doncaster
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: doncaster
context 1: at Park Hill hospital in Doncaster . Does anyone have any
context 2: anaesthetic with Mr Mulla in Doncaster . I had my follow
context 3: general anaesthetic last week in Doncaster . The problem with that

term: replaced
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: replace
context 1: fixed my other problems - replaced therapy - won over a
context 2: stopped now , but are replaced by that same weird throatfeeling
context 3: Inability to burp replaced by GERD

term: decreases
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: decrease
context 1: in the intestines , which decreases the effective length of the
context 2: the gurgling sounds usually also decreases soon after i get home
context 3: The bloating and chest tension decreases , and i feel so

term: LOCAL
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: local
context 1: - CPD . &nbsp ; LOCAL ENT DOCTOR My local ear
context 2: knew that . &nbsp ; LOCAL SCAN DOCTOR Doctor in Moncton
context 3: . - FAMILY DOCTOR sends LOCAL ENT DOCTOR a request for

term: similarities
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: similarity
context 1: Investigating similarities between RCPD & other GI
context 2: GERD . Theres so many similarities between symptoms of each of
context 3: and I got some jarring similarities : \- We both frequently

term: Hiya
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: hiya
context 1: Hiya ! I am having my
context 2: Hiya ! TL;DR * Never burped
context 3: Hiya ! I am two weeks

term: Worked
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: work
context 1: , but no microburps . Worked on turning head to left
context 2: point I would burp . Worked EVERY TIME . Unless I
context 3: felt a bit odd . Worked from home again with two

term: hangs
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: hang
context 1: I do n’t it just hangs around . Quite an uncomfortable
context 2: a feeling that " food hangs in the throat " a
context 3: move closer to you that hangs over the bed , and

term: Chew
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: chew
context 1: slowly and deliberately . * Chew your food until it 's
context 2: to swallow . * ** Chew more ** than you are
context 3: you hurry to swallow . Chew more than you are used

term: Sanjay
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: sanjay
context 1: - may require manometry Dr. Sanjay Morzaria | Surrey , BC
context 2: said , I see Dr. Sanjay Morzaria listed as a provider
context 3: another BC option , Dr Sanjay Morzaria .

term: toujours
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: toujour
context 1: et les douleurs que j'avais toujours attribuées à des excès alimentaires
context 2: dans la gorge mais j’ai toujours des ballonnements de temps en
context 3: ? Les effets secondaires sont toujours présents aujourd’hui ? Ils so

term: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553)
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974x19834553)
context 1: Dr Bastian paper ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553) [ ^( 2 ) third
context 2: publication [ here ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553) and Mr Karagama 's [
context 3: in [ this ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553) paper and read through it

term: Salut
frequency: 15
lemmatized_to: salut
context 1: mais cela a marché . Salut , j'avais posté ce message
context 2: Salut ! Je ne parle pas
context 3: Salut ! Fellow non-burper here ,

term: Tbh
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: tbh
context 1: a few GI doctors . Tbh , I get scared and
context 2: still happen sometimes . ( Tbh I got some mint Tums
context 3: get better at it . Tbh , it 's hard to

term: Japan
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: japan
context 1: No burper in Japan . General advice on getting
context 2: Hi I live in Japan and have a " body
context 3: Anyone else seeking treatment in Japan ?

term: Flying
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: fly
context 1: to do the same . Flying back to NYC tonight (
context 2: and manageable with Tylenol . Flying back home tomorrow morning .
context 3: start immediately for me . Flying all day tomorrow , first

term: approached
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: approach
context 1: I just wondered how people approached this with their insurance companies
context 2: " recovery " . I approached my issue from two different
context 3: ! Thought they way they approached the issue was really nice

term: killers
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: killer
context 1: pain so started taking pain killers at 2 am . Took
context 2: enough . Was prescribed pain killers but has n’t been needed
context 3: they just give me pain killers and omeprazole . But I

term: damaging
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: damaging
context 1: it is healthy and not damaging . It is worth a
context 2: " air vomiting " is damaging their throat / esophagus ?
context 3: an energetic night out without damaging my health . I threw

term: Ps
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: ps
context 1: have had success in ??? Ps - this thread has provided
context 2: experiences that might help ? Ps : any brasilians here ?
context 3: n't need botox injection . Ps : the doctor is not

term: assisted
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: assist
context 1: been in the room or assisted on about 8 injections so
context 2: frequently without the being " assisted by botox " so they
context 3: and other ENTs that have assisted with this procedure . As

term: Red
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: red
context 1: I have always stuck to Red Bull or Mountain Dew since
context 2: able to drink half a Red Bull and some other carbonated
context 3: coffee - A can of Red Bull - An Italian Rum

term: residents
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: resident
context 1: seemed genuinely interested - their residents took notes for later study
context 2: so Canadians -- especially BC residents -- please be very specific
context 3: anesthesia team and ENT and residents . They all kindly answered

term: compressing
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: compress
context 1: in it that it was compressing my heart and lungs .
context 2: if that ’s from me compressing my chest to get the
context 3: i have been experimenting with compressing my body in strange ways

term: Farting
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: farting
context 1: , I can win any Farting contest " .
context 2: Lol ! ” 5 . Farting loud enough that the neighbors
context 3: laying down and uh .... Farting ... For the most part

term: infants
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: infant
context 1: from procedures when we were infants and could n’t keep food
context 2: . In my experience , infants need to burp after most
context 3: stock up on Calpol and infants ' Ibuprofen on the way

term: formatting
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: format
context 1: ) . Sorry for the formatting , typo etc ( phone
context 2: doctor ! - edit for formatting since I ’m on mobile
context 3: apologize in advance for the formatting , I ’m not a

term: Forcing
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: force
context 1: the Internet ) : " Forcing air Forcing air into your
context 2: ) : " Forcing air Forcing air into your throat is
context 3: into place . * ** Forcing it out .** When I

term: knocking
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: knock
context 1: you feel the air ' knocking at the door ' ,
context 2: having feelings of air ' knocking on the door ' but
context 3: stomach feels like Pool balls knocking against each other before I

term: Y’all
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: y’all
context 1: Y’all WOW . This subreddit .
context 2: was credited in it ! Y’all , I was so elated
context 3: Y’all . I have my botox

term: shoving
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: shove
context 1: this was embarrassing . After shoving a tube up my nose
context 2: sub ) botox ? Or shoving finger down throat to force
context 3: be exacerbated . I tried shoving a USB - C charger

term: Otolaryngologist
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: otolaryngologist
context 1: decided to visit the local Otolaryngologist to talk with him about
context 2: Dr. Lerner , an Otolaryngologist at Yale New Haven Health
context 3: Got a local Otolaryngologist to recommend the Botox treatment

term: Johns
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: johns
context 1: in Baltimore , MD at Johns Hopkins with Dr. Akst .
context 2: Johns Hopkins R - CPD Review
context 3: appointment with Dr. Akst at Johns Hopkins back in April based

term: Lifelong
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: lifelong
context 1: Lifelong nonburper ... ... until 2
context 2: with my first baby . Lifelong no - burper here and
context 3: . ** Background ** : Lifelong NoBurper , 33 , Canada

term: HIIT
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: hiit
context 1: an active person , do HIIT x3 a week , long
context 2: lying down ) , and HIIT ( a lot of jumping
context 3: do yoga , Pilates and HIIT and suffer immensely with all

term: sustained
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: sustain
context 1: day post - op , sustained " lump " in throat
context 2: similarly but in a more sustained way without the spasm of
context 3: for my back injury I sustained 8 years ago but only

term: pressurized
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: pressurize
context 1: day , lots of very pressurized gurgles , fatigue , anxiety
context 2: Sort of a bloated , pressurized feeling , and a lump
context 3: , my throat feels extremely pressurized and a bit painful .

term: balanced
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: balance
context 1: been eating a very well balanced high protein diet and am
context 2: my diet is pretty well balanced ( not perfect , but
context 3: . Lots of burps but balanced burps ( not as much

term: tracks
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: track
context 1: it stops me in my tracks and has meant i 've
context 2: / violent hiccups in their tracks
context 3: just IBS and to keep tracks of which foods make me

term: Guardian
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: guardian
context 1: read an article in The Guardian this year which clearly described
context 2: ! A journalist from the Guardian reached out to me because
context 3: on an article in the Guardian that led me to Dr

term: Reply
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: reply
context 1: of your condition on the Reply All episode “ Gleeks and
context 2: The podcast Reply All just did an episode
context 3: I was interviewed on Reply All along with Dr. Bastian

term: Dry
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: dry
context 1: not being able to . Dry nose and ringing ears .
context 2: throat like a mothefucker . Dry heaved a couple times ,
context 3: an issue prior . ** Dry Mouth **\- I now suffer

term: lifts
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: lift
context 1: I keep switching between shoe lifts and inserts to see what
context 2: a valve that opens or lifts . Now put your head
context 3: the side - neck - lifts / side - stretches because

term: UCI
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: uci
context 1: with Dr. Sunil Verma through UCI ( University of California ,
context 2: by Dr. Sunil Verma at UCI medical center . It cost
context 3: Beware Dr. Sunil Verma at UCI

term: rumbles
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: rumble
context 1: and pouncing on any stomach rumbles or feelings of bloatedness ,
context 2: , and really loud tummy rumbles , another symptom that really
context 3: the excessive gurgles and stomach rumbles , flatulence , nausea after

term: Everybody
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: everybody
context 1: very practical for me . Everybody in the hospital ( including
context 2: just panic and refuse . Everybody keeps trying to tell you
context 3: jump out of it . Everybody around you knows you ’re

term: weirder
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: weird
context 1: OP and my throat feels weirder than yesterday . It 's
context 2: , because my burps sound weirder , they sound like they
context 3: in my throat , even weirder than gurgles and micro burps

term: assessed
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: assess
context 1: to https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/86fjnq/had_the_botox_injection_today/, I also have assessed that it 's a binary
context 2: However , I am being assessed for EoE , so there
context 3: throat ulcers - currently being assessed by my GP for GERD

term: End
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: end
context 1: If I go around the End of June would I be
context 2: am almost 20 ) . End of November i felt worse
context 3: month , for Botox . End of month ca n't get

term: interviewed
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: interview
context 1: I was interviewed by Sickboy Podcast about No
context 2: . Dr Karagama has been interviewed about Inability to burp :
context 3: I was interviewed on Reply All along with

term: colonoscopies
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: colonoscopy
context 1: to him ( endoscopies , colonoscopies , barium swallows , ph
context 2: and gi pain . Had colonoscopies , endoscopies , CT scans
context 3: I 've had scopes and colonoscopies with the normal result more

term: FULL
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: full
context 1: see my stomach was absolutely FULL with air . A big
context 2: We played pong with FULL CUPS of SPRITE and GINGER
context 3: 2 . ** Achieve some FULL - ON regular burps **

term: IBD
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: ibd
context 1: ’ve looked into IBS , IBD , Crohn ’s , hypothyroidism
context 2: Has anyone been misdiagnosed with IBD when it was noburp ?
context 3: drinks etc but now have IBD , cause yet unknown

term: PCOS
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: pcos
context 1: Crohn ’s , hypothyroidism , PCOS , lack of various gut
context 2: I started taking Inositol for PCOS two months ago . I
context 3: I probably have PCOS but every time I get

term: Greece
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: greece
context 1: closest doctor to me ( Greece ) and he is on
context 2: I was on holiday in Greece with family , which was
context 3: at least know doctors in Greece that do . 2 )

term: customers
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: customer
context 1: My job involves speaking with customers for a large amount of
context 2: and noises while speaking to customers 2 . Not being free
context 3: loud hiccups in front of customers that were so violent it

term: appealing
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: appealing
context 1: . This is way more appealing to me from a cost
context 2: Anyone have success appealing when insurance denies coverage
context 3: office was pretty unhelpful in appealing , telling me that my

term: reacted
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: react
context 1: . After the procedure I reacted badly to the anaesthetic (
context 2: yesterday when my stomach immediately reacted to the black bean and
context 3: insights there from people who reacted to the Botox right away

term: uploaded
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: upload
context 1: does yours get ? I uploaded a clip of it on
context 2: typed it all up and uploaded screenshots of the document .
context 3: YouTube . This evening I uploaded a video talking about being

term: SSRIs
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: ssri
context 1: else has experimented with either SSRIs ( anti - depressants )
context 2: sucks . I 've tried SSRIs in the past but they
context 3: head and put me on SSRIs that caused a myriad of

term: Comment
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: comment
context 1: have specific medical conditions . Comment here with results so we
context 2: n't burp plz help " Comment says " lol that 's
context 3: waking up from surgery . Comment here everything that helped you

term: Centre
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: centre
context 1: Hicklin at the Chelsea Outpatient Centre . After reading almost every
context 2: Through the Melbourne Voice Analysis Centre ) who will do the
context 3: Hayley Herbert at Perth ENT Centre . If your Doctor is

term: Thomas
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: thomas
context 1: booked an appointment with Dr. Thomas Carroll in Boston . he
context 2: my initial consult with Dr Thomas Carroll in Boston
context 3: Boston , Massachusetts : Dr. Thomas Carroll at Brigham & Women

term: Nova
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: nova
context 1: and getting to Chicago from Nova Scotia , Canada , in
context 2: |:-|:-|:-|:-| | Northwest Territories | Nova Scotia | Nunavut | Prince
context 3: Nova Scotia

term: Scotia
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: scotia
context 1: getting to Chicago from Nova Scotia , Canada , in a
context 2: | Northwest Territories | Nova Scotia | Nunavut | Prince Edward
context 3: Nova Scotia

term: candies
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: candy
context 1: ( unsure if other hard candies work ) it will temporarily
context 2: had two little chewy Japanese candies on my break at work
context 3: two other types of simethicone candies , omeprazole , pebzin g.

term: Painful
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: painful
context 1: like all of you . Painful chest cavity , inward hiccups
context 2: y'all ever had this ? Painful stabbing sensation gas
context 3: well as pills quite often Painful bloating that can last all

term: bronchitis
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: bronchiti
context 1: into the worst case of bronchitis ever ( worse than COVID
context 2: stuff started again , had bronchitis , sinus infection , pneumonia
context 3: that we always assumed was bronchitis , even though the pulmonologist

term: stitches
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: stitche
context 1: scope and had to get stitches . 😞
context 2: scope and had to place stitches . I have severe pain
context 3: ’s from the cut / stitches and not from the Botox

term: devastated
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: devastate
context 1: ; ( . I feel devastated . I had such a
context 2: to me and I was devastated for weeks . I was
context 3: have stopped and I ’m devastated . My question is ,

term: Him
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: he
context 1: for it to go flat Him ; " Why are n't
context 2: Gastroenterologist has also fitted Him with a nasal gastric tube
context 3: was sold on it . Him and his office were *

term: feared
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: fear
context 1: to the point that I feared going into public places and
context 2: made me antisocial : I feared and hated parties , bars
context 3: I discovered it as I feared the burps would disappear .

term: steroids
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: steroid
context 1: when I 'm put on steroids ( because lucky me ,
context 2: a similar experience with inhaled steroids ? ( Brown asthma inhaler
context 3: last 3 days , including steroids . Right now , everything

term: FAR
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: far
context 1: sitting down and slouched over FAR too often … and later
context 2: A R- CPD SUFFERERS TOWN FAR FAR AWAY .... &nbsp ;
context 3: R- CPD SUFFERERS TOWN FAR FAR AWAY .... &nbsp ; DAY

term: Emory
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: emory
context 1: Dr. Law at Emory ( throat specialist in midtown
context 2: ( <UNK> &#x200B ; ** Emory University Hospital Midtown Campus **
context 3: with Dr. Andrew Tkaczuk at Emory . In our first office

term: ultrasounds
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: ultrasound
context 1: the gallbladder . I got ultrasounds , blood tests , a
context 2: endoscopies , CT scans , ultrasounds . All show mostly nothing
context 3: 've done physio and had ultrasounds and heart health checks and

term: Pregnancy
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: pregnancy
context 1: Pregnancy is making me more gassy
context 2: side , it stops . Pregnancy can make you more gassy
context 3: the flatulence department ) . Pregnancy has changed that and now

term: KP
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: kp
context 1: Dr Mi Jin Yoo ( KP San Leandro , Bay Area
context 2: luck getting this done through KP . Update 8/13 : I
context 3: did n’t work .. with KP . Should I go to

term: Unsure
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: unsure
context 1: get through it ) . Unsure what to actually do next
context 2: Never had any diarrhea . Unsure what caused it . On
context 3: pressure in my ear ! Unsure what is the catalyst for

term: weaned
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: wean
context 1: not like , so I weaned myself off it ( though
context 2: suffering consistently now that ive weaned myself off it . I
context 3: months on beta blockers I weaned off and have been largely

term: greeted
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: greet
context 1: my right side I am greeted with heartburn instead ... Has
context 2: German music . We were greeted by our waiter who quickly
context 3: dressed in the gown and greeted by Dr Bastian and anesthesiologist

term: wines
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: wine
context 1: like the complex world of wines , cigars or perfumes ,
context 2: also I had a few wines and just vomitted on the
context 3: myself from carbonated seltzers and wines . So when I do

term: Ya
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: you
context 1: “ eughhhh ” sound . Ya , sounds weird , but
context 2: old . Grade 5 ? Ya so that was my diagnosis
context 3: and abusive online behavior . Ya this is just textbook internet

term: insurers
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: insurer
context 1: A lot of insurers do n’t cover illnesses that
context 2: Any Canadians got your insurers to some or all of
context 3: with all major UK health insurers too . Any questions please

term: traumatized
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: traumatized
context 1: this weird , awful , traumatized body .
context 2: everywhere and she thought she traumatized me into having a phobia
context 3: . These instances have actually traumatized me and left me with

term: wether
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: whether
context 1: ‘ bongs ’ as to wether they think this may have
context 2: is what makes me question wether or not my symptoms are
context 3: have had many arguments about wether I should get the botox

term: puffs
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: puff
context 1: a load of weird little puffs of air with fart noises
context 2: n't really get the silent puffs / pops of air type
context 3: control or force are silent puffs of air and do n't

term: Tea
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: tea
context 1: Tea and coffee underrated
context 2: * Whiskey * Coffee * Tea * Hot chocolate * Dairy
context 3: calls for things like Iced Tea or even water go unnoticed

term: trusting
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: trust
context 1: stopping it for now and trusting the doctor . Good Luck
context 2: for sticking it out and trusting the process . I love
context 3: goin with the flow and trusting the process . 😎

term: Morning
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: morning
context 1: store . Day 2 : Morning : Gagging and choking every
context 2: Morning everyone , I 'm off
context 3: appointment . For tomorrow . Morning . February 4th . At

term: Dinner
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: dinner
context 1: am still really struggling . Dinner went pretty well tonight .
context 2: normally but slightly painfully . Dinner was pizza and a Baha
context 3: burps throughout the day . Dinner was at Top Golf and

term: Watch
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: watch
context 1: sensation of a burp . Watch this video here for an
context 2: Watch lesbians touch a penis for
context 3: back of your throat . Watch how your larynx moves down

term: charts
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: chart
context 1: reflex is off the fucking charts !!! BUT , she said
context 2: reflex is off the friggen charts , and I KNNOOWWW I
context 3: have been absolutely off the charts . The gurgling , bloating

term: liking
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: like
context 1: 's my emetophobia and not liking the sound of people vomiting
context 2: gets too high for my liking , i swallow it right
context 3: lunch and soda and not liking the rising feeling in my

term: Lost
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: lose
context 1: also through blood tests \- Lost my insurance and have been
context 2: much I love the show Lost because I vaguely remember talking
context 3: as it was before . Lost some weight recently and it

term: married
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: marry
context 1: , I did recently get married and guess what happened the
context 2: . My sister is getting married this year and I 'm
context 3: years later and we are married and living in discomfort after

term: PCR
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: pcr
context 1: am tomorrow to get the PCR test at my hospital but
context 2: bucks to get a rapid PCR test in town so I
context 3: so I kept my hospital PCR too . I just hope

term: marked
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: mark
context 1: " or to notice a marked difference ( in bloating ,
context 2: My last repost got marked as spam and deleted ,
context 3: My last repost got marked as spam and deleted ,

term: clogged
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: clogged
context 1: hair but more so a clogged pore ) but especially on
context 2: that can help with the clogged up feeling , namely digestive
context 3: the gurgles seem to get clogged in my chest and a

term: malfunctioning
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: malfunction
context 1: 's because my body is malfunctioning in all the ways .
context 2: system online that ’s been malfunctioning for 50 years . First
context 3: is a product of a malfunctioning LES . I do n’t

term: wound
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: wind
context 1: date , besides which she wound up leaving the practice .
context 2: just pouring salt on the wound . Could use some reassurance
context 3: to a minor colorectal surgery wound that did n’t heal for

term: THEY
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: they
context 1: few large burps out AND THEY FEEL AMAZING !!! In fact
context 2: loud , persistent , and THEY HURT . I did n’t
context 3: NOT SKIP THESE EXERCISES BECAUSE THEY ARE IMPORTANT . Here are

term: EoE
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: eoe
context 1: I am being assessed for EoE , so there could be
context 2: all the risk factors for EoE . My gastroenterologist also wants
context 3: EoE is Eosinophilic Esophagitis - an

term: brains
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: brain
context 1: out please reply ! My brains been buzzing all night connecting
context 2: is it possible that our brains are not producing that hormone
context 3: 're literally mutating our stomachs brains lead from fillings adhd fluoride

term: Works
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: works
context 1: a fully extended tongue . Works about 70 % of the
context 2: Botox for R - CPD Works → Your UES is now
context 3: slowly force burps out . Works slowly but consistently . Thank

term: AWFUL
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: awful
context 1: sugar ) , I get AWFUL dry heaves every time -
context 2: if needed . - THE AWFUL HICCUPS : One thing that
context 3: has been clouded by how AWFUL it is to eat or

term: gods
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: god
context 1: felt the nectar of the gods that is a good burp
context 2: that will appease the reddit gods . Stole this old post
context 3: that will appease the reddit gods . Stole this old post

term: resets
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: reset
context 1: would fully pay ( it resets in January ) . Burps
context 2: any availability before my insurance resets at the end of the
context 3: as I can , this resets my heartrate and returns it

term: shoved
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: shove
context 1: are wet ) then I shoved them down my throat and
context 2: I get all the air shoved out of my stomach while
context 3: or asleep and the doctor shoved the camera down my throat

term: suspicions
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: suspicion
context 1: been diagnosed , confirming my suspicions . The doctors assured me
context 2: bend over . I have suspicions it could be a hiatal
context 3: he confirmed all of my suspicions and set me up for

term: shoots
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: shoot
context 1: bit of actual shit that shoots out ??😭😭😭 i ’ve always
context 2: day from RCPD that it shoots a pain up to your
context 3: , and my heart rate shoots up / starts pounding and

term: Beyond
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: beyond
context 1: vomiter amongst my friends . Beyond the gurgles I have indigestion
context 2: First Post - Symptoms Beyond the Big 4 ? Lethargy
context 3: could try and sleep . Beyond the gurgling I often feel

term: concentrated
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: concentrate
context 1: - surgery ) I really concentrated on trying to control my
context 2: bloating - it ’s basically concentrated peppermint capsules . Bonus ,
context 3: if I will have more concentrated , stinker farts after the

term: anecdotes
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: anecdote
context 1: for tips / advice / anecdotes :)
context 2: me up with research or anecdotes about treatment ? I ’d
context 3: but unlike some of the anecdotes I 've read here they

term: poops
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: poop
context 1: noticed any difference in your poops ?
context 2: 's not normal for your poops to be difficult and painful
context 3: Horrible poops ?

term: ues
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: ue
context 1: noticed that my throat and ues had become familiar with the
context 2: v* helped me train my ues to work properly and that
context 3: getting a feeling like the ues is releasing for a second

term: Daniel
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: daniel
context 1: Utah at IMC , Dr. Daniel Cox . He is an
context 2: 75 units ) with Dr Daniel Novakovic , Sydney Australia *
context 3: made my appointment with Prof Daniel Novakovic ! Consultation : I

term: smoother
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: smooth
context 1: Not being intubated was definitely smoother - no sore throat ,
context 2: within 20 min ( bolder smoother drip coffee rarely has this
context 3: 's hoping that recovery is smoother from here on out .

term: prescriptions
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: prescription
context 1: frustrating . I have repeat prescriptions for debilitating episodes of "
context 2: health , medical history , prescriptions , etc which I did
context 3: and lots of tests and prescriptions and funny looks . I

term: N’T
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: n’t
context 1: come December . I CA N’T WAIT !!!!🫶🏼
context 2: the pressure . YOU DO N’T have to “ pull trigger
context 3: better , BUT YOU CA N’T BURP !? .... and you

term: suspects
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: suspect
context 1: , but the doctor now suspects the bowels are pushing my
context 2: on here has EDS or suspects they do so i do
context 3: but none of the usual suspects match . GI specialist almost

term: misdiagnoses
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: misdiagnose
context 1: As someone who has experienced misdiagnoses and dismissals from medical professionals
context 2: have a laundry list of misdiagnoses ( GERD , IBS -
context 3: lot of social anxiety and misdiagnoses . With the money I

term: develops
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: develop
context 1: noburper ( perhaps noburp even develops as a defence - mechanism
context 2: We 'll see how everything develops over the next few days
context 3: stool dries out and constipation develops ..! Drinking more liquids to

term: samples
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: sample
context 1: , intermediate and advanced audio samples . This long tutorial is
context 2: some tests , took blood samples , and they all came
context 3: no concerns , grabbed polyp samples , negative for abnormalities .

term: Patients
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: patient
context 1: painful and embarrassing symptoms . Patients may also experience symptoms similar
context 2: social media : " Dear Patients and Fellow Clinicians : Change
context 3: painful and embarrassing symptoms . Patients may also experience symptoms similar

term: stemmed
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: stem
context 1: or exercise . It all stemmed from when I had COVID
context 2: think my inability to burp stemmed from a phobia of vomiting
context 3: docs assume my ongoing issues stemmed from that . I ca

term: Shirley
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: shirley
context 1: Had Botox yesterday at Shirley Oaks clinic with Lucy Hicklin
context 2: Had Botox yesterday at Shirley Oaks clinic with Lucy Hicklin
context 3: Had Botox yesterday at Shirley Oaks clinic with Lucy Hicklin

term: Oaks
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: oaks
context 1: Had Botox yesterday at Shirley Oaks clinic with Lucy Hicklin .
context 2: Had Botox yesterday at Shirley Oaks clinic with Lucy Hicklin .
context 3: Had Botox yesterday at Shirley Oaks clinic with Lucy Hicklin .

term: reads
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: read
context 1: Thank you to anyone who reads this here and can maybe
context 2: the kind of person who reads the Wikipedia page for every
context 3: Just sharing in case anyone reads this later and can relate

term: environments
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: environment
context 1: long days in sometimes crammed environments ( film industry ) ,
context 2: destroying my life in social environments , I 'm still young
context 3: drink / eat in social environments have weighed me down and

term: celebrating
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: celebrate
context 1: sick was an event worth celebrating ! As an acro-dancer ,
context 2: ’ll never forget my son celebrating with me 😝😃 So let
context 3: , so officially I ’m celebrating my burpday the day after

term: eases
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: ease
context 1: this experience and if it eases up … Thanks in advance
context 2: look ) but hoping it eases within a week or two
context 3: vomit air " ... This eases the pressure but usually triggers

term: Said
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: said
context 1: on Monday and nothing . Said fuck it today and had
context 2: she gave me 40 . Said she 's never had anyone
context 3: Called Dr. Bastian Institute - Said they were busy but took

term: cucumbers
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: cucumber
context 1: ’ll serve fizzy drink & cucumbers
context 2: time i eat them are cucumbers . i assumed any food
context 3: . 3. Cucumbers ?? Somehow cucumbers make me have microburps ...

term: Tik
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: tik
context 1: and Gurgles ” talks about Tik Tok and how it showed
context 2: Yes , also here from Tik Tok . I ca n't
context 3: on a daily basis !! Tik Tok brought me here btw

term: recording
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: recording
context 1: https://soundcloud.com/danbeast1337/frog) ( that 's a recording of mine from near my
context 2: and eat a cookie while recording what happened with the x
context 3: comparable with thousands of others recording their experiences in an online

term: payments
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: payment
context 1: some paperwork and made my payments , it was around $
context 2: source of income is disability payments . I am on a
context 3: procedure for 2 of my payments in a few weeks /

term: medicated
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: medicate
context 1: . I 've always been medicated for anxiety / depression but
context 2: fixed it or are safely medicated for it . I was
context 3: I 'm currently being heavily medicated over the next 6 months

term: SC
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: sc
context 1: noburp thing is in Charleston SC , so I was wondering
context 2: straight to the doc in SC ( or any other )
context 3: an appointment with O’Rourke in SC next April . Lately every

term: encourages
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: encourage
context 1: that . I hope this encourages some of you to change
context 2: hope this helps you and encourages you all to get it
context 3: - CPD ( and also encourages first burps posting to Tik

term: altering
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: alter
context 1: ’s severe and life - altering enough .
context 2: I 've been having life altering symptoms since December and been
context 3: it seems quite life - altering , hence why I ’m

term: pretending
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: pretend
context 1: make myself gag either just pretending to do it is fine
context 2: This can be done by pretending you 're about to say
context 3: by nursing my drinks and pretending like I was n't wildly

term: Real
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: real
context 1: turns out it 's a Real Thing ...! With a real
context 2: I 've ever met . Real thunderous ones that I 've
context 3: it 's botox burping . Real burping is much more different

term: Focus
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: focus
context 1: mouth and your neck . Focus on whats happening on your
context 2: esophagus ) move upwards . Focus on the abdomen and the
context 3: drink normally is healthy . Focus on that . 3 )

term: chopped
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: choppe
context 1: drink we 'd all be chopped to pieces ...
context 2: . Tonight I had a chopped sirloin steak , baked potato
context 3: barfing would happen . They chopped it up to asthma and

term: pumping
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: pump
context 1: days snd they ended up pumping my stomach for 4 days
context 2: burps out by massaging or pumping the area either internally via
context 3: at least 10 times and pumping , my veins were not

term: O’Rourke
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: o’rourke
context 1: I visited Dr. O’Rourke in South Carolina this week
context 2: I have an appointment with O’Rourke in SC next April .
context 3: Ashli O’Rourke

term: retraining
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: retrain
context 1: anyone have success stories of retraining your upper esophageal sphincter to
context 2: be the best way of retraining the throat and subsiding the
context 3: us who are pretty much retraining ourselves to burp again ,

term: emergencies
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: emergency
context 1: Are there any signs of emergencies I should be on the
context 2: In emergencies , the “ throwing up
context 3: to really save it for emergencies only present day , since

term: reimbursed
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: reimburse
context 1: my health plan through work reimbursed me . So basically ,
context 2: And how much you were reimbursed for the French who did
context 3: if anyone has had it reimbursed by their private health insurance

term: Mark
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: mark
context 1: procedure in Ireland from Mr Mark Rafferty in St Vincent ’s
context 2: had my procedure with Dr. Mark Fritz at the University of
context 3: 75 units under GA with Mark Rafferty in Dublin . Any

term: Advance
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: advance
context 1: you all to try Gaviscon Advance liquid . It is the
context 2: take daily PPIs with Gaviscon Advance . I consulted with a
context 3: I 'm wondering about buying Advance Single tickets to save money

term: UAB
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: uab
context 1: Currently otw to UAB for my Botox surgery !
context 2: by Dr. Kirk Withrow at UAB ? I am trying to
context 3: I found Dr. Withrow at UAB on the provider list ,

term: Couple
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: couple
context 1: to the right spot * Couple of days later I experienced
context 2: all the time ! ** Couple of Qs :** 1 .
context 3: all food and drink . Couple of bigish burps . Day

term: 100units
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: 100unit
context 1: Dr. Young ! It was 100units . Just as 24 hours
context 2: I got 100units botox under GA from dr.
context 3: days post second dose ( 100units ) in office with Lucy

term: Calgary
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: calgary
context 1: see some other specialists in Calgary , which is a bigger
context 2: her to refer you to Calgary ! " That was the
context 3: referred to the specialist in Calgary and discussing it with them

term: MAY
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: may
context 1: December for a consultation in MAY . 6 whole months later
context 2: OF DOCTORS I HOPE IT MAY HELP SOMEONE +971569950238
context 3: said list and YOUR MILEAGE MAY VARY ? [ View Poll

term: Hank
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: hank
context 1: Hank Green talked about us !
context 2: Hank Green talked about R -
context 3: Hank Green just released a video

term: Wonder
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: wonder
context 1: everything was just uncoordinated . Wonder if it ’s to do
context 2: passes by the thyroid . Wonder if that could have caused
context 3: training and core workouts . Wonder if there is a connection

term: bound
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: bound
context 1: like maybe we ’re all bound to feel bad after we
context 2: 've become house / bedroom bound due to how ill I
context 3: and not someone whose house bound due to constant nausea then

term: Fizzy
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: fizzy
context 1: to go is miserable . Fizzy drinks now cause me to
context 2: and drink so fast . Fizzy drinks included . Now ,
context 3: do certainly get it . Fizzy drinks suck for RCPD and

term: Everyday
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: everyday
context 1: Everyday I wonder what it is
context 2: all of it happens ! Everyday for me . It ’s
context 3: ! It was horrible !! Everyday of pregnancy like clock work

term: weighing
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: weigh
context 1: of diabetes or anything and weighing 90 - 100 pounds .
context 2: you all so much for weighing in !! keep em coming
context 3: I ’ve been weighing my options for Botox and

term: China
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: china
context 1: , I 'm in guangzhou China with Dr du( he 's
context 2: willing to do botox in China lol ) , I had
context 3: like Singapore , Japan , China , etc. ) to have

term: Pavia
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: pavia
context 1: Mondino , 2 , 27100 Pavia PV , Italy . For
context 2: case study ) ** ( Pavia ; External injection ; neurologist
context 3: where we took trains to Pavia to the office where the

term: dried
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: dry
context 1: have more or less completely dried up . I can feel
context 2: your diaphragm and lungs , dried out stool and constipation ,
context 3: bowels are constantly bloated and dried out from trapped air ,

term: recognizes
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: recognize
context 1: it is . Anybody here recognizes this feeling ?
context 2: on the wiki that actually recognizes that R - CPD exists
context 3: that does the Botox or recognizes it ( there ’s a

term: dm
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: well to write me a dm , elaborate on the topic
context 2: woods , please comment or dm ! If we end up
context 3: Any questions feel free to dm or comment

term: C.
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: c.
context 1: , but only with carbonation C. I used to be able
context 2: my noburp / gurgles started C. I have consistently had trouble
context 3: neck ( above collarbone ) C. Food gets stuck in my

term: chemicals
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: chemical
context 1: you like this all the chemicals that they put in our
context 2: control themselves because all these chemicals just like in the university
context 3: work bc of all the chemicals in everything they 're literally

term: indicates
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: indicate
context 1: yall ! As the title indicates I am hoping to find
context 2: have found no doctor who indicates they treat R - CPD
context 3: me to a machine that indicates muscle activity to show her

term: Research
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: research
context 1: doctors performing the treatment . Research and new treatments are only
context 2: ( Spasms I think ? Research says it feels like a
context 3: for Short Anonymous Survey [ Research Survey ]

term: Bupa
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: bupa
context 1: my procedure ( I have Bupa Insurance however I have n’t
context 2: , yeah . So if Bupa are paying £ 200 ,
context 3: covered through my husbands company Bupa insurance which is a non

term: Saskatoon
frequency: 14
lemmatized_to: saskatoon
context 1: Winnipeg and a doctor in Saskatoon , so you should certainly
context 2: Dr Anil Sharma in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada
context 3: from Dr Anil Sharma in Saskatoon ( my family dr referred

term: notices
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: notice
context 1: gurgle subtly so no one notices . To get any gas
context 2: uses weed before eating and notices a serious drop in how
context 3: that excuse every time someone notices ... Anyway , that 's

term: chunks
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: chunk
context 1: miserable . Certain things like chunks of meat and bread are
context 2: hours and it has tiny chunks of chicken in it which
context 3: . Scopes upon scopes , chunks of my esophagus being tested

term: Friends
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: friend
context 1: I ca n’t burp . Friends have also asked me “
context 2: up into the throat . Friends do n’t understand that I
context 3: Hello Friends , I too have been

term: observed
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: observe
context 1: special community ( I 've observed silently for some time )
context 2: sample size , I 've observed a commonality of all my
context 3: , either and I 've observed a sharp decrease in flatulence

term: attacking
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: attack
context 1: . Maybe my body is attacking the area of the throat
context 2: feels like my body is attacking me and there 's nothing
context 3: was actually my immune system attacking the Botox because my cold

term: vibrating
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: vibrate
context 1: effective I get almost a vibrating feeling in my throat .
context 2: ears as if they are vibrating , or maybe opening up
context 3: 2 second burps where the vibrating / rolling ( ? )

term: Wisconsin
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: wisconsin
context 1: Update on Wisconsin doctor
context 2: in the Milwaukee region of Wisconsin because it seems like this
context 3: this subreddit . Living in Wisconsin as a noburper is extremely

term: overeating
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: overeat
context 1: just generally stop myself from overeating ( which is always a
context 2: ( eating too fast , overeating , fizzy drinks and beer
context 3: it 's keeping me from overeating at least . 7 .

term: chews
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: chew
context 1: what tablets / chews / capsules do you use
context 2: any sort of tablet / chews / capsules from an average
context 3: pantoprozole , sucralfate , gaviscon chews , alka seltzer , nauzene

term: GF
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: gf
context 1: came to talk with my GF and I before going in
context 2: though I also started a GF diet , so assuming those
context 3: then ) . Since going GF , I 've experienced fewer

term: squatting
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: squat
context 1: ! It ’s especially hard squatting with a tight training belt
context 2: Anyone have trouble with squatting ?
context 3: triggered by bending over or squatting down for more than a

term: bastians
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: bastian
context 1: the botox treatment at dr bastians office in a few weeks
context 2: to get treatment from Robert bastians in US ?
context 3: did n't even read Dr. bastians paper . He told me

term: Jersey
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: jersey
context 1: Moscaritolo I ’m from New Jersey , USA , almost 70
context 2: southern New York / New Jersey ?
context 3: to CT , Boston , Jersey , Philly if I thought

term: oldest
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: old
context 1: . I ’m probably the oldest person on this forum with
context 2: 's statistically significant . The oldest person to have it done
context 3: less frequent now . My oldest brother can not burp either

term: bursting
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: burst
context 1: the CURE for fear of bursting my staples . After that
context 2: the CURE for fear of bursting my staples . After every
context 3: the CURE for fear of bursting my staples . After every

term: Chinese
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: chinese
context 1: coke and eat tons of Chinese food . I usually burp
context 2: to burp is with a Chinese traditional therapy called gua sha
context 3: rushing through a super greasy Chinese and being rushed straight out

term: succes
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: succe
context 1: the need to share my succes story . I was a
context 2: they have a 70 % succes rate and she has a
context 3: she has a 90 % succes rate ( as in when

term: annoyed
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: annoyed
context 1: Tuesday . Was kind of annoyed once I got dressed and
context 2: burping tho . So that annoyed me really bad and it
context 3: i ’m starting to get annoyed by these hiccups . I

term: farther
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: far
context 1: ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/8znxlu/12day_update_postbotox_canada_you_can_have_this/) Just scroll farther back in this subreddit to
context 2: . If anyone who is farther along and experienced the same
context 3: keeps trying until it ’s farther down the digestive system .

term: kissing
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: kiss
context 1: of a girl I was kissing open - mouthed and with
context 2: fizzy drink just to practice kissing the ceiling and burping out
context 3: neck / jaw regions , kissing that beautiful ceiling which you

term: Bloated
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: bloated
context 1: the book [ " The Bloated Belly Whisperer " ] (
context 2: get one out . ​ Bloated and miserable every night ,
context 3: front of a toilet . Bloated all the time even when

term: CBD
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: cbd
context 1: \- I have been taking CBD for the past while ,
context 2: , and even things like CBD and other herbal remedies .
context 3: anyone have any experience with CBD with the same effect ?

term: humming
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: hum
context 1: Matthew McConaughey in that weird humming scene in Wolf of Wall
context 2: also do sessions of deep humming . I would hum the
context 3: I actually think the deep humming was quite important for me

term: squeezed
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: squeeze
context 1: work : 1. Massaged or squeezed my throat 2 . Flexing
context 2: belly in the mirror and squeezed it in and then ,
context 3: like a very forced ' squeezed sputtering ' release of air

term: chosen
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: choose
context 1: The one that everyone had chosen so far : the day
context 2: . No one had ever chosen this before , and while
context 3: 26 . I emailed my chosen GP and asked for a

term: verified
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: verify
context 1: here should be checked / verified with Dr. Bastian . **
context 2: time ? Is it a verified r- cpd symptom to feel
context 3: by my insurance and they verified that beforehand , yet I

term: surrounded
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: surround
context 1: comfort in this subreddit , surrounded by users who knew these
context 2: ’re out in public or surrounded by people ( which is
context 3: life culture . I m surrounded by mentors and friends who

term: Mi
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: mi
context 1: Hispano hablantes ! Mi caso salió en televisión
context 2: mi inyección de botox . Mi caso ha salido en la
context 3: had an appt with Dr Mi Jin Yoo ( KP San

term: DOWN
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: down
context 1: UP my throat rather than DOWN Please note that if you
context 2: be completely relaxed and kept DOWN . Do n't let it
context 3: make sure food went ** DOWN ** and not to look

term: operations
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: operation
context 1: goes to plan like other operations that have been performed by
context 2: a few years . Getting operations done has never bothered me
context 3: ) . Before proceeding with operations I wanted to give the

term: distances
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: distance
context 1: When I was hitting these distances I was getting this horrible
context 2: I can run for longer distances or just keep it short
context 3: , whenever I do long distances , particularly marathon distances ,

term: hyperventilating
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: hyperventilate
context 1: became so much I was hyperventilating / felt I could n't
context 2: out . I end up hyperventilating a lot because it causes
context 3: levels were fine despite my hyperventilating . My BPM was just

term: Speaking
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: speak
context 1: a little like throwup . Speaking of throwup , I have
context 2: nothing for my symptoms . Speaking to Lucy Hicklin , she
context 3: it happens so much ! Speaking of my husband , I

term: ramped
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: ramp
context 1: my anxiety has been extremely ramped up by my emetephobia .
context 2: week the burping has really ramped up , like I ’m
context 3: or so , this slowly ramped up a little to a

term: GOD
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: god
context 1: one out and OH MY GOD it sounded like an exorcism
context 2: . CROAKING . OH MY GOD . there really is nt
context 3: study medicine practice . THANKS GOD I GOT MY DEGREES FROM

term: Pilates
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: pilates
context 1: exercise , since I do Pilates ( a lot of core
context 2: ? I do yoga , Pilates and HIIT and suffer immensely
context 3: up modifying my workouts . Pilates was really hard to do

term: BETTER
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: better
context 1: and WOW HAS IT GOTTEN BETTER . Around the 5 weeks
context 2: and I feel SO MUCH BETTER . I eat a protein
context 3: Botox procedure : IT GETS BETTER . It takes time !

term: E
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: e
context 1: ! Dr. Sunil Verma 250 E Yale Loop , STE 200
context 2: stomach ( under ribs ) E . This is n't an
context 3: , Todisco M , Alfonsi E , Cosentino G. Retrograde Cricopharyngeus

term: HORRIBLE
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: horrible
context 1: like hell ? Mine are HORRIBLE . I get them for
context 2: . 3 . I had HORRIBLE emetaphobia as a kid .
context 3: few months I ’ve had HORRIBLE chest pain that I ’m

term: Nearly
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: nearly
context 1: Nearly all my family and some
context 2: UPDATE - DAY 15 : Nearly full control over burps (
context 3: almost all the time ? Nearly every x - ray and

term: battling
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: battle
context 1: wish you all luck in battling this annoying , painful and
context 2: The total amount of time battling the constant pains was 2
context 3: you 're not alone in battling this .

term: correlations
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: correlation
context 1: to see what kind of correlations there are amongst this group
context 2: I did n't recognize any correlations until I found this subreddit
context 3: this subreddit try to make correlations with a lot of different

term: buddies
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: buddy
context 1: want have fun with my buddies and not feel like I
context 2: the odd beer with my buddies but we all know how
context 3: How are all my Botox buddies doing today ?

term: exercices
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: exercice
context 1: details : Is there any exercices that i should do ?
context 2: have this ? Can shaker exercices or botox could solve my
context 3: stuck in doing the Shaker exercices for now . I do

term: Q&A
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: q&a
context 1: New Q&A video from Dr Bastian
context 2: possibility from Dr. Bastian 's Q&A . I needed a drink
context 3: terrifying . I remembered the Q&A where he mentioned a small

term: stepped
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: step
context 1: past 2 years I have stepped into marathon running where fuel
context 2: literally at 9:28 as I stepped out of my car I
context 3: time , but only just stepped into forums etc ! I

term: Premera
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: premera
context 1: have really good coverage - Premera Blue Cross PPO . They
context 2: Dr. O'Dell and outcome of Premera Blue Cross insurance struggles
context 3: to pay . Then my Premera Blue Cross insurance denied coverage

term: coasters
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: coaster
context 1: sick and i love roller coasters but rides would make me
context 2: I get nauseous on roller coasters , spinning theme park rides
context 3: here ) for other east coasters … do you think it

term: lowered
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: lower
context 1: But the thing thats really lowered my quality of life is
context 2: involuntary and usually involve a lowered head . 1 . Would
context 3: down and my head was lowered , I 'd start vomiting

term: hers
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: her
context 1: a teenager . I figured hers was the same . I
context 2: my experience will be like hers . Oddly I can eat
context 3: see a doctor fried of hers while we visited . (

term: draining
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: drain
context 1: of choking is so unbelievably draining , and my life is
context 2: help because it 's getting draining now .
context 3: it 's from my mucus draining down my throat when I

term: BECAUSE
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: because
context 1: painful vomiting is for them BECAUSE of the RCPD has caused
context 2: % better . IS THIS BECAUSE I CANT BURP ? Has
context 3: to put any weight on BECAUSE I ca n’t eat lol

term: burbs
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: burb
context 1: I have only noticed micro burbs when I swallow things very
context 2: been able to get some burbs out which is nice .
context 3: only had very few micro burbs and one very tiny burp

term: Angeles
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: angeles
context 1: Dr. Karla O'Dell in Los Angeles because it was really wonderful
context 2: in California , specifically Los Angeles , does anyone know of
context 3: Getting Botox procedure in Los Angeles !

term: Believe
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: believe
context 1: it . I ca n’t Believe “ normal ” people have
context 2: are coming together . I Believe that R - CPD ,
context 3: of increasing the units . Believe the first time was 80

term: registered
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: register
context 1: at all . I ’ve registered as a new patient at
context 2: do nt think i even registered this was on reddit to
context 3: hospital at 0730 . I registered , was taken back to

term: Uncomfortable
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: uncomfortable
context 1: Uncomfortable hiccup muscle and imvoluntary air
context 2: Uncomfortable first 5 days w/ slow
context 3: Day 2+3 post OP : Uncomfortable . Pain is completely gone

term: standards
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: standard
context 1: particularly impressive by any normal standards . The relief is insane
context 2: was quite big for my standards ! I 'm still having
context 3: was pretty bad for my standards . After a solid 5

term: TRY
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: try
context 1: fully relaxed and do n't TRY HARD . This method only
context 2: now he wants me to TRY AGAIN and refuses to do
context 3: NOT EXCLUDE THIS POSSIBILITY AND TRY TO TRUST HIM TOO ​

term: Jesus
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: jesus
context 1: I gave my life to Jesus around that time as well
context 2: the croak started up . Jesus , was it loud and
context 3: for final certification ) and Jesus christ you guys , it

term: enters
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: enter
context 1: when the ability to burp enters their life , and my
context 2: actual mechanism by which air enters the gut is obscure .
context 3: should only occur when gas enters , but then why am

term: Social
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: social
context 1: the Department of Health and Social Care myself next . In
context 2: debilitating for everyone else ? Social situations are terrifying . I
context 3: eating around other people . Social life has been effected because

term: Excess
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: excess
context 1: in stomach and colon . Excess wind Horrific stomach pains Horrific
context 2: other may have experienced .... Excess saliva leading to frequent swallowing
context 3: Constipation and diarrhoea - alternating Excess wind ( mainly at night

term: WANT
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: want
context 1: found this group and I WANT TO HELP YOU ALL !!!!!!!
context 2: go to him and I WANT TO but I ca n't
context 3: I hate it . I WANT TO LEARN TO BURP SO

term: guidelines
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: guideline
context 1: in mind these are general guidelines and goals to follow .
context 2: please check all the UK guidelines and rules before you decide
context 3: treat RCPD by national NICE guidelines , the only way to

term: NOTE
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: note
context 1: . - [ ] PLEASE NOTE that you will never actually
context 2: ON regular burps ** ** NOTE :** Use this guide when
context 3: ( ew ) . ** NOTE :** I would like to

term: strengthened
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: strengthen
context 1: my neck because as I strengthened my back muscles and fixed
context 2: , while flexing the muscles strengthened by the shaker exercises and
context 3: , form some kind of strengthened neural pathway between pressure below

term: cleaning
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: clean
context 1: big belchy gurgles today while cleaning so now im sitting down
context 2: check if it was a cleaning product I use or something
context 3: am not able to do cleaning action

term: Soon
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: soon
context 1: this helps it along . Soon after about 5 more gurgles
context 2: sore but more bearable . Soon after waking up i was
context 3: microburps as people describe . Soon after the procedure this venting

term: Virginia
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: virginia
context 1: I m located in West Virginia and found a Clinic close
context 2: ! I am from West Virginia , and I am looking
context 3: , ( Ohio , West Virginia , Kentucky , Virginia .

term: mouths
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: mouth
context 1: that comes up into their mouths and feel like throwing up
context 2: do n't expel through our mouths ? thanks
context 3: any other shorties with lil mouths experience jaw pain or complications

term: Decided
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: decide
context 1: Decided to get to the bottom
context 2: in rather than out . Decided to bleach and redye my
context 3: uncomfortable neck injections ... * Decided to keep going thanks to

term: sipped
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: sipp
context 1: eat after , I just sipped away on water . I
context 2: numb and swollen . I sipped cold water , which helped
context 3: with my wife . We sipped at our drinks for a

term: Cold
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: cold
context 1: stomach . Light headed . Cold sweat . My heart feeling
context 2: get with coming down with Cold . Praying the burps start
context 3: stomach a lot of liquid Cold , burning feeling in throat

term: committing
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: commit
context 1: feel for the cost before committing to starting this whole fun
context 2: to see someone locally before committing . Based on other people
context 3: people sick it 's literally committing slow genocide here 's an

term: Yikes
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: yikes
context 1: feeling in the world . Yikes . Also when eating or
context 2: ** Yikes , I messed up the
context 3: she insisted on trying . Yikes , ouch . After a

term: purchased
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: purchase
context 1: about 2 weeks . I purchased large bottles of soda water
context 2: for a solution . I purchased this device from [ iqoro.com
context 3: release gas . I have purchased the device and have only

term: Jonathan
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: jonathan
context 1: . His name is Dr. Jonathan Young and I was finally
context 2: Dr. Jonathan Young information request
context 3: done last Friday with Dr. Jonathan Bock at Froedert hospital in

term: croaked
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: croak
context 1: that over time as I croaked , I could push it
context 2: I have n’t gurgled or croaked IN LIKE A MONTH 🙏
context 3: in my life , only croaked or gurgled like a sad

term: catches
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: catch
context 1: annoying cough , like something catches in my throat and sets
context 2: or something . the feeling catches me off guard every time
context 3: gone . My voice still catches a bit but it ’s

term: hears
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: hear
context 1: been like this for 7 hears . No respite . As
context 2: 'm the only one who hears it ) and I also
context 3: n’t even care if anyone hears me as far as I

term: FAQ
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: faq
context 1: Is there any FAQ thread or section ?
context 2: papers if you wish . FAQ ’s Why do you do
context 3: an in - progress r/noburp FAQ document ) !

term: Must
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: must
context 1: till post - Botox . Must say this , I do
context 2: n’t get hernia repaired . Must wait 2 months at least
context 3: feel the need to . Must be an amazing feeling .

term: ours
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: our
context 1: in the stomach , since ours are already filled with too
context 2: party and said it ’s ours if we want it .
context 3: , a mutual patient of ours does have an organic medical

term: Noburpers
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: noburper
context 1: how many of the " Noburpers " are smokers and how
context 2: 2 groups on here : Noburpers and Reflux - Noburpers .
context 3: : Noburpers and Reflux - Noburpers . Sometimes it 's actually

term: screening
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: screen
context 1: knowledge on costs for the screening and botox treatment from Dr.
context 2: treatment shifted their attitude from screening out weirdos to trying to
context 3: known gastro related test and screening , and in the end

term: radiates
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: radiate
context 1: trapped in esophagus , pain radiates to my back
context 2: get excruciating chest pain that radiates into my back and my
context 3: Sometimes feels as though it radiates down my throat and into

term: Constipation
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: constipation
context 1: I conflating the two ? Constipation can make you nauseous anyways
context 2: bloating Air and liquid vomiting Constipation and diarrhoea - alternating Excess
context 3: a bit bloated today . Constipation has also been an on

term: invented
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: invent
context 1: bloating . My boyfriend even invented „ fart yoga “ for
context 2: training with the doctor who invented this treatment . Dr. Boston
context 3: since the technology was apparently invented in Switzerland . I have

term: Tkaczuk
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: tkaczuk
context 1: experience and Add Dr. Andrew Tkaczuk , MD to Wiki
context 2: is below : [ Andrew Tkaczuk , MD ] ( <UNK>
context 3: in Atlanta with Dr. Andrew Tkaczuk at Emory . In our

term: Sugumaran
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: sugumaran
context 1: in Phoenix AZ with Dr. Sugumaran . It ’s been 10
context 2: got the procedure from Dr. Sugumaran in Phoenix about a year
context 3: Dr Sugumaran - Phoenix

term: GOT
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: get
context 1: practice . THANKS GOD I GOT MY DEGREES FROM THE BEST
context 2: and I though YOU 'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ( early
context 3: 3 months late ( NEVER GOT THE NOTIF 🥲) and suffered

term: Furthermore
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: furthermore
context 1: to the UES movement . Furthermore he thinks that , as
context 2: get out any burps . Furthermore , I never used to
context 3: you have answers ? ( Furthermore , i live in France

term: jumps
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: jump
context 1: where your whole chest literally jumps up and you make the
context 2: one is needed , that jumps to 99.2 % . Hopefully
context 3: : * Doing some star jumps or a quick jog can

term: ordering
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: order
context 1: US and our trip before ordering two beers . He came
context 2: excitement and stressed excitement because ordering them was a bit of
context 3: no . I recently started ordering blueberry vodka water splash of

term: Spanish
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: spanish
context 1: Para los Hispanohablantes ( for Spanish speakers ) :
context 2: read many reviews on this Spanish doctor ... and I do
context 3: either in English or in Spanish !

term: teachers
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: teacher
context 1: always been in trouble from teachers for making frog noises \
context 2: barely attend school and his teachers feel he regressed ... For
context 3: illness and many doctors and teachers in my past would just

term: demonstrating
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: demonstrate
context 1: Are there videos of people demonstrating ? 6 . I hear
context 2: several peer - reviewed studies demonstrating the clear effectiveness of Botox
context 3: papers where another doctor is demonstrating exactly what is going on

term: Already
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: already
context 1: on in my body 😅 Already my anxiety about it all
context 2: then : Day 1 - Already burping . Mainly in rhythmic
context 3: did n’t work ) . Already had paid for the consult

term: Friedman
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: friedman
context 1: this morning with Dr. Aaron Friedman at UC Hospital in Cincinnati
context 2: this morning with Dr. Aaron Friedman at UC Hospital in Cincinnati
context 3: on Monday with Dr. Aaron Friedman at University of Cincinnati Medical

term: Random
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: random
context 1: teen / adult life * Random constipation even during FODMAP diet
context 2: Random question . Were any of
context 3: painful after meals . - Random sore throats For years I

term: fearing
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: fear
context 1: told me that she is fearing that the botox will spread
context 2: had 2 ekgs done , fearing my heart was at risk
context 3: , and ( b ) fearing I could n’t do the

term: Whole
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: whole
context 1: was out the door ! Whole thing probably took 15 -
context 2: . So I was in Whole Foods the other day looking
context 3: Thomas Carroll in Boston . Whole process was very easy and

term: partying
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: party
context 1: alcohol & partying
context 2: and mostly needed it while partying . You can image the
context 3: getting sick when going out partying . At some point during

term: shifts
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: shift
context 1: in the hospital and my shifts end up being 13 +
context 2: an N95 for 12 hour shifts . Lucky if I get
context 3: . I work 12 hour shifts and I ’m always so

term: rated
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: rate
context 1: thinking of finding a top rated ENT doc in Florida .
context 2: just finding a really high rated ENT doc and filling him
context 3: is new and is not rated by insurance companies , so

term: maneuvers
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: maneuver
context 1: need to do such extreme maneuvers to get a burp out
context 2: want to incite to make maneuvers of air vomiting . In
context 3: and doing various exercises , maneuvers , massages , you name

term: related
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: related
context 1: wondering if it could be related to gas / bloating ?
context 2: sure whether these two are related , but since I 've
context 3: if they are in fact related . Has anyone else had

term: Rarely
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: rarely
context 1: through diarrhoea and flatulence . Rarely I do vomit , but
context 2: of the same symptoms . Rarely burp ( just sometimes by
context 3: before attempting to swallow . Rarely does the food go straight

term: Rosen
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: rosen
context 1: ) at UCSF named Dr. Rosen . Fingers crossed ! Has
context 2: if you ’ve seen Dr. Rosen at UCSF , how did
context 3: him ( [ Dr. John Rosen ] ( https://twitter.com/johnmrosen)) and a

term: cavities
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: cavity
context 1: have low number of tooth cavities ?
context 2: and the amount of tooth cavities ( more saliva = less
context 3: ( more saliva = less cavities ) . I never felt

term: Digestive
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: digestive
context 1: have a long history of Digestive issues like Chronic constipation .
context 2: this just me ? ) Digestive process is MUCH better .
context 3: Assistant Professor of Medicine ( Digestive Diseases ) Yale School of

term: popsicles
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: popsicle
context 1: you recommend ? I bought popsicles and jello for sore throat
context 2: throat . I had some popsicles and apple juice in the
context 3: , overnight oats , and popsicles have become daily meals .

term: evaluated
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: evaluate
context 1: ... our son is being evaluated for a disease called Hirschsprung
context 2: . I will absolutely get evaluated for treatment before my next
context 3: you did already collected and evaluated all these data ? Thanks

term: ripping
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: rip
context 1: from . I ended up ripping it off myself once it
context 2: to relieve myself was through ripping ass , and ass I
context 3: my throat from the sutures ripping . I have not been

term: Shield
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: shield
context 1: . I switched to Blue Shield for this year and have
context 2: Anthem Blue Cross / Blue Shield PPO insurance . Was the
context 3: ( Blue Cross and Blue Shield ) declined to approve my

term: THEN
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: then
context 1: is no doc in India THEN can we apply for any
context 2: up to go . Only THEN did I remember to ask
context 3: to RETCH and RETCH , THEN I throw up , it

term: lessens
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: lessen
context 1: I found that taking prevacid lessens my symptoms , but it
context 2: empty stomach with fizz , lessens the risk of regurge which
context 3: Acid reflux medication lessens R - CPD symptoms ?

term: Parker
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: parker
context 1: , IN : Dr. Noah Parker \--- Canada --- * Vancouver
context 2: Indiana doctors besides Dr. Noah Parker ?
context 3: Chinese ) , The J. Parker ( cool rooftop bar /

term: accumulates
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: accumulate
context 1: out all the air that accumulates . ** After 2 months
context 2: the same happens ) air accumulates in my stomach , which
context 3: ’s nice when no more accumulates .

term: paralysed
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: paralyse
context 1: throat ) I could be paralysed . Also my family does
context 2: head , which sort of paralysed me and did n’t relax
context 3: is that because they 've paralysed the muscle it does n't

term: remembers
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: remember
context 1: can remember ( my mum remembers me gurgling and bloating when
context 2: . My mom thinks she remembers burping me as I baby
context 3: sleep hungry . If anyone remembers , please let me know

term: shifted
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: shift
context 1: about experience with the treatment shifted their attitude from screening out
context 2: Has anyone had this and shifted their burps to natural ones
context 3: and my hyoid bone got shifted . In the last 24

term: Alternatively
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: alternatively
context 1: ? A demonic possession ? Alternatively , is it possible that
context 2: else experience the same ? Alternatively - I sometimes get one
context 3: such a short time . Alternatively I can send you to

term: combining
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: combine
context 1: I am going to attempt combining both to see if it
context 2: limited my situation to only combining 2 of the triggers .
context 3: n’t for us and tried combining all of them , I

term: reversed
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: reverse
context 1: effect can the BTX be reversed ? Once the BTX is
context 2: , my body kinda burps reversed , which pumps even more
context 3: effect can the BTX be reversed ? Once the BTX is

term: Published
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: publish
context 1: OTO Open . 2019;3(1):2473974X19834553 . Published 2019 Mar 15 . doi:10.1177/2473974X19834553
context 2: . OTO Open. 2020;4(2):2473974X20917644 . Published 2020 Apr 16 . doi:10.1177/2473974X20917644
context 3: OTO Open . 2019;3(1):2473974X19834553 . Published 2019 Mar 15 . doi:10.1177/2473974X19834553

term: Wingo
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: wingo
context 1: doi:10.1177/2473974X19834553 2 .Hoesli RC , Wingo ML , Bastian RW. The
context 2: mentioned , and PA Melissa Wingo . "
context 3: can taste ) . Melissa Wingo , the PA at BVI

term: Myotomy
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: myotomy
context 1: , Hoesli RC. Partial Cricopharyngeal Myotomy for Treatment of Retrograde Cricopharyngeal
context 2: , Hoesli RC. Partial Cricopharyngeal Myotomy for Treatment of Retrograde Cricopharyngeal
context 3: straight for a Cricopharyngeus Muscle Myotomy ?? Small cut in the

term: Dude
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: dude
context 1: time I heard , " Dude , just like , eat
context 2: Dude I smell worse than anyone
context 3: Dude , I literally can not

term: Strasbourg
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: strasbourg
context 1: consultation with Dr. Debry in Strasbourg ) . Dr. Mailly is
context 2: a trip from Paris to Strasbourg to do a consultation .
context 3: the botox injections is in Strasbourg - pretty far from where

term: Tok
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: tok
context 1: Gurgles ” talks about Tik Tok and how it showed someone
context 2: , also here from Tik Tok . I ca n't believe
context 3: a daily basis !! Tik Tok brought me here btw .

term: 5,000
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: 5000
context 1: . I spent roughly $ 5,000 CAD of my own money
context 2: the Botox procedure is $ 5,000 . I assumed that was
context 3: and it only cost $ 5,000 ( $ AUD ) (

term: reccomend
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: recommend
context 1: random microburp . I highly reccomend it . This is the
context 2: Seattle , I 'd highly reccomend Dr. Villari at Bellevue ENT
context 3: was wondering if anyone would reccomend one ?

term: targets
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: target
context 1: ’ve begun doing yoga that targets good posture and it ’s
context 2: YouTube video I found that targets good posture for the back
context 3: it would help as it targets stomach acid which is n't

term: arguments
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: argument
context 1: my family have had many arguments about wether I should get
context 2: she had no questions or arguments or anything , just took
context 3: need and why ( scientific arguments please not arbitrary mubmo jumbo

term: LaCroix
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: lacroix
context 1: knew my roommate had some LaCroix in the fridge ( Peach
context 2: flavor ) . Obviously the LaCroix was n't mine because any
context 3: eyes and forcibly drank the LaCroix as fast as any noburper

term: explanations
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: explanation
context 1: to help me but the explanations do n’t make much sense
context 2: chase and give a brief explanations of some symptom I 've
context 3: a series of questions and explanations or if you have to

term: squats
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: squat
context 1: in the gym ( heavy squats for example ) by bloating
context 2: did three sets of heavy squats - low - bar style
context 3: ( like jogging or jump squats , etc. ) . I

term: dishes
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: dish
context 1: work but I did do dishes , laundry , 2 mile
context 2: not maccas ) , pasta dishes , and more that I
context 3: him down , washing some dishes , and a full shower

term: Assistant
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: assistant
context 1: , I ’m a Physician Assistant now and curious about the
context 2: Lerner , MD , MHS Assistant Professor of Medicine ( Digestive
context 3: Medicine Michael Lerner , MD Assistant Professor of Surgery ( Otolaryngology

term: Likewise
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: likewise
context 1: . &#x200B ; &#x200B ; Likewise , I 'm surprised there
context 2: up like a balloon . Likewise , fat people are often
context 3: ; Figure 4D ) . Likewise , the number of reported

term: cells
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: cell
context 1: so my body attacks the cells that make stomach acid .
context 2: what kind if any cancerous cells exist . I am wondering
context 3: the illness by sending stomach cells into my esophagus in an

term: heaps
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: heap
context 1: . I ’ve been doing heaps of exercises / massages over
context 2: thing repeats itself . Thanks heaps :)
context 3: it , I 'll feel heaps of gas bubbles move from

term: Thus
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: thus
context 1: after a test ? _ Thus far my tests have shown
context 2: discomfort this condition causes . Thus , I needed to dig
context 3: tears and pure panic . Thus , air vomiting was never

term: anesthesiologists
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: anesthesiolloggs
context 1: From the nurses to the anesthesiologists . to the students (
context 2: absolutely amazing - nurses , anesthesiologists , surgeons , everyone .
context 3: pretty sure I told the anesthesiologists I love them when I

term: drives
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: drive
context 1: embarrassingly loud sometimes and it drives me nuts . I had
context 2: the only symptom that really drives me crazy on a daily
context 3: n’t , even though it drives me nuts . I never

term: FB
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: fb
context 1: . So I created a FB group to try to share
context 2: anyone here is also on FB and would like to join
context 3: out to Dr. Velasquez on FB and asked if he 'd

term: ties
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: tie
context 1: under local anesthetic ? This ties back to my question about
context 2: saying I do think it ties into this burping disfunction because
context 3: porters all wear shirts and ties - and it does n't

term: Domperidone
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: domperidone
context 1: Anyone taking Domperidone for nausea ?
context 2: He decided to prescribe me Domperidone to trial . Does anyone
context 3: Based off my readings , Domperidone works by tightening the upper

term: Search
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: search
context 1: the site and register . Search login - Katewinsovin
context 2: ( our ) normal ! Search for " pregnant " on
context 3: Search in the this thread there

term: Ben
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: ben
context 1: ? In the movie , Ben Stiller is a male model
context 2: Hi , Ben here , 21 yo .
context 3: je nu vrijwillig boeren ? Ben je emetofobisch of angstig als

term: passages
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: passage
context 1: first patient ever whose nasal passages were too small to fit
context 2: to open up my nasal passages . The doctor then stuck
context 3: could be due to narrow passages ; several ENTs , gastroenterologists

term: copied
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: copy
context 1: her attention . She then copied the web - address of
context 2: could find , and I copied what they did ( plus
context 3: situation . The post is copied in French below . I

term: interventions
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: intervention
context 1: of the very rare medical interventions that actually CURES the issue
context 2: can fix it without surgical interventions . At least that 's
context 3: a couple years of these interventions we removed the large bowel

term: enabled
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: enable
context 1: sure if this is what enabled me to begin burping but
context 2: carried out a laryngoscopy which enabled him to confirm the issue
context 3: pain without this subreddit which enabled me to find a solution

term: Short
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: short
context 1: something else going on . Short answer : I have gastroparesis
context 2: considering it as well . Short answer : absolutely do it
context 3: with Stomach Issues Needed for Short Anonymous Survey [ Research Survey

term: piercings
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: piercing
context 1: , to anyone who has piercings , did you remove them
context 2: Surgery requests that all body piercings be removed . Most of
context 3: every whatever hundred injections / piercings / pokings done , some

term: Joe
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: joe
context 1: dead lol also fuck grandpa Joe !
context 2: bought a gallon at Trader Joe ’s . ( Has to
context 3: If you have a Trader Joe ’s , grab the gallon

term: letters
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: letter
context 1: recently to start sending out letters to ENTs here in southeast
context 2: can speak but not say letters that are pronounced from the
context 3: include your previous internal denial letters , the supporting scientific literature

term: recognizing
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: recognize
context 1: . Talk about teachers not recognizing something that is actually medically
context 2: unless I am just not recognizing it for some reason I
context 3: but never any sources officially recognizing this as a thing .

term: W.
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: w.
context 1: the article by Dr. Robert W. Bastian ( sticky post )
context 2: he also knows Dr. Robert W. Bastian ** personally ** ,
context 3: Diagnosis and Treatment ( Robert W. Bastian MD , Melissa L.

term: Therapy
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: therapy
context 1: did n't help ) Massage Therapy ( i think this helped
context 2: jaw pain ) . Physical Therapy throughout makes my pain worse
context 3: in all the way . Therapy helped me deal with this

term: Saying
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: say
context 1: mental health and emetophobia . Saying that I „ should try
context 2: related to no burp . Saying that though I did have
context 3: being able to burp . Saying that I 'm sure there

term: Huel
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: huel
context 1: is a few sips of Huel drink , some water and
context 2: struggling to eat , try Huel . I drank the shakes
context 3: Soups , smoothies , Huel meal replacement drinks , loose

term: Huddinge
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: huddinge
context 1: botox today at Karolinska in Huddinge , Sweden . I ’m
context 2: by Elin Marsk at Karolinska Huddinge . Feels like I have
context 3: by Elin Marsk at karolinska Huddinge . Feels like I have

term: Hinklin
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: hinklin
context 1: the procedure done by Dr Hinklin on Monday evening , and
context 2: post - botox ( Dr Hinklin ) - a 4 second
context 3: Had 50 units with Dr Hinklin on the 29th January ,

term: ÖNH
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: önh
context 1: * vårdcentral * or * ÖNH * . They said the
context 2: no foniatrimottagning , contacting * ÖNH * at a nearby university
context 3: * foniatri * or * ÖNH * at a nearby university

term: views
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: view
context 1: vomit . What ’s your views to this statement guys ?
context 2: Hi everyone please give your views on my rcpd i have
context 3: doubt it will get many views or comments but regardless here

term: sauces
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: sauce
context 1: Eat less tomatoes / tomato sauces * Eat more things high
context 2: , really spicy foods / sauces . But I ’ve had
context 3: Fried foods or tomato based sauces + anxiety = BAD

term: Miralax
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: miralax
context 1: question is have you tried Miralax ? I think I ’ll
context 2: are so freaking far beyond Miralax , dude ! Anyway ,
context 3: suppositories , magnesium citrate , Miralax , mineral oil , etc.

term: Es
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: es
context 1: personally gone to Dr. Mary Es Anderson in Houston ? Looking
context 2: sind nicht so schlimm . Es fühlt sich an als hätte
context 3: matarme pero todavía continuo . Es difícil y agotador . Ya

term: Endo
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: endo
context 1: thinking I would ask my Endo at my next appt if
context 2: of tests with him ( Endo flip , Endoscopy and High
context 3: is definitely lower . The Endo - Flip test showed esophageal

term: hals
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: hal
context 1: via öron , näsa , hals på Huddinge sjukhus . Läkaren
context 2: en remiss till öron näsa hals specifikt Elin marsk på Huddinge
context 3: som blivit knas i min hals , så dubbelkolla med din

term: Agreed
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: agree
context 1: Agreed ! I did n’t think
context 2: Agreed that it 's insane and
context 3: Agreed ! I was at urgent

term: UNDERSTANDING
frequency: 13
lemmatized_to: understanding
context 1: can . Reading and ** UNDERSTANDING ** this paper will guard
context 2: can . Reading and ** UNDERSTANDING ** this paper will guard
context 3: can . Reading and ** UNDERSTANDING ** this paper will guard

term: Title
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: title
context 1: Title
context 2: Title says it all . I
context 3: Title asks the main question !

term: CANNOT
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: cannot
context 1: lose my shit cause I CANNOT TAKE ANY MORE OF THIS
context 2: me for years . I CANNOT explain it . One thing
context 3: it feels like I just CANNOT get a full breath of

term: Certain
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: certain
context 1: I 'm not miserable . Certain things like chunks of meat
context 2: ? - Carbonated drinks - Certain types of food ( onions
context 3: - vomit and retch . Certain things trigger it : intense

term: gallstones
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: gallstone
context 1: she thought it might be gallstones or lactose intolerance so she
context 2: to see if it was gallstones . The bloodwork showed that
context 3: a week ) and no gallstones . So I have an

term: Genuinely
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: genuinely
context 1: Genuinely curious ! What is this
context 2: New Here , I 'm Genuinely Amazed
context 3: adult life like that . Genuinely , the amount that must

term: requesting
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: request
context 1: a letter to my GP requesting them to refer me ,
context 2: feeling uncomfortable about other patients requesting their curtains closed ( I
context 3: those who DM 'd me requesting me to finish it that

term: Japanese
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: japanese
context 1: surgically . I 'm not Japanese , still learning the language
context 2: found one article from a Japanese doctor talking about 1 case
context 3: , had two little chewy Japanese candies on my break at

term: MN
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: mn
context 1: Specialty Center St. Louis Park MN 3800 Park Nicollet Blvd ,
context 2: , Saint Louis Park , MN 55416-2527 952-993-3123 &#x200B ; [
context 3: in St. Louis Park , MN . Does anyone know if

term: Greetings
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: greeting
context 1: Greetings , fellow non-burpers ( and
context 2: Greetings , fellow croakers !
context 3: Greetings Gurglers !

term: Month
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: month
context 1: Any 6 - 12 Month Bastian / botox Updates ?
context 2: in pain and feeling great Month 4 i was straining to
context 3: of a discomfort . ** Month 1 : ** Throughout month

term: Motility
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: motility
context 1: Motility Test ?
context 2: months ( Barium Swallow , Motility Test , Gastroscopy ) and
context 3: Has anyone here had Esophageal Motility Study ? If so ,

term: suspecting
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: suspect
context 1: . ( Side note possibly suspecting the rcpd symptoms starting Saturday
context 2: the “ side note possibly suspecting … ” I mentioned is
context 3: weak voice ? I 'm suspecting it has a connection with

term: speculating
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: speculate
context 1: psychological thing ? Just me speculating . Am now in car
context 2: anxiety , everything is just speculating / me trying to make
context 3: , that was probably ( speculating ) caused by the CRPD

term: stemming
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: stem
context 1: there had such severe issues stemming from the distension caused by
context 2: she dismissed this as reflux stemming from constipated . I just
context 3: of them mentioned stomach issues stemming from not being able to

term: Rennie
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: rennie
context 1: , I 've taken some Rennie Deflatine , nothing has helped
context 2: : I went with 2 Rennie 's last night not one
context 3: I 've just had a Rennie now and I think that

term: INSANE
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: insane
context 1: I drink alcohol I get INSANE gurgles ... like to the
context 2: here . Drinking soda is INSANE . Day 4 : Trying
context 3: tonight but my bloating is INSANE and I am freaking out

term: Say
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: say
context 1: They Say Misery Loves Company , Sorry
context 2: think this condition is ? Say , in a population of
context 3: , but thin nonetheless . Say at the BMI range between

term: HAD
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: WHAT I ALWAYS HAD TO EXPLAIN TO MY FRIENDS
context 2: no burp …. and IT HAD A NAME ! And a
context 3: work sometimes , but I HAD to join the second I

term: Rex
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: rex
context 1: call me the T - Rex because of my throat burps
context 2: The hospital experience at UNC Rex was great . Same as
context 3: doctors and nurses in UNC Rex Hospital are AMAZING ! SO

term: operating
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: operating
context 1: once I got onto the operating table , and this was
context 2: then and there , so operating on pure reflex she grabbed
context 3: injection in office rather than operating room ?

term: aimed
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: aim
context 1: she grabbed my head and aimed it at my plate of
context 2: . This most is mostly aimed at women who may have
context 3: my experiences . It 's aimed at medical students ( I

term: Extremely
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: extremely
context 1: as I can remember . Extremely painful and hard to get
context 2: but no vomiting ) - Extremely bloated feeling - The symptoms
context 3: between all of this ? Extremely painful hiccups that can only

term: concentrating
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: concentrate
context 1: . \- I have been concentrating on how my body feels
context 2: better , and that really concentrating on burping can actually lead
context 3: , lower , lower and concentrating on allowing each level to

term: bands
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: band
context 1: all my time singing in bands , until one day I
context 2: with Schatzkis Rings - narrow bands of tissue in the esophagus
context 3: - CPD were - Nausea bands - Peppermint oil - Ginger

term: animals
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: animal
context 1: concerns with my love for animals and became a vegan .
context 2: fat and they ate like animals . I remember trying to
context 3: on young , apparently healthy animals that died under anesthesia or

term: aggravated
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: aggravate
context 1: stomach , everything from my aggravated vocal cords to my inability
context 2: both and I swear that aggravated each other
context 3: symptoms you all know have aggravated : " T - Rex

term: Nissen
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: nissen
context 1: with a procedure called " Nissen Fundoplication " , where the
context 2: with a procedure called " Nissen Fundoplication " , where the
context 3: I had a [ Nissen Fundoplication ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nissen_fundoplication) 8

term: Towards
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: towards
context 1: times then felt better . Towards the end of the night
context 2: know what I mean . Towards the end of each hold
context 3: / lessons I learned . Towards the tail end of 2020

term: sandwiches
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: sandwich
context 1: on , and some Subway sandwiches are ok oddly enough .
context 2: a banana and four white sandwiches with strawberry jam . Not
context 3: eat a few grilled cheese sandwiches , lie down and see

term: TONS
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: tons
context 1: tons of farts I mean TONS of farts . But no
context 2: I am crazy bloated , TONS of gurgles , almost feel
context 3: snorkeling tour . There were TONS of turtles and amazing sea

term: Survey
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: survey
context 1: symptoms and vomit fear : Survey closing March 22
context 2: R-CPD Survey in order to create a
context 3: based on our experiences . Survey 1 : For Those Living

term: Victoria
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: victoria
context 1: bloating . I ’m in Victoria bc , can anyone help
context 2: Richmond ( Melbourne ) , Victoria : Dr. Paul Paddle -
context 3: Richmond ( Melbourne ) , Victoria : Dr. Paul Paddle *

term: Peppermint
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: peppermint
context 1: Peppermint oil capsules cure R -
context 2: rid of them quicker ? Peppermint tea ? Gas pills ?
context 3: of my success : 1. Peppermint Gaviscon - the ENT explained

term: stunned
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: stunn
context 1: caloric requirements . I am stunned at how hard it is
context 2: and logistics reasons and was stunned when my ENT said "
context 3: an illness , i ’m stunned . I ’d never really

term: Gag
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: geg
context 1: the bathroom to 1 ) Gag up all the gas ,
context 2: my stomach , wonderful . Gag - burping did n't work
context 3: said , start easy . Gag until the air comes out

term: alleviating
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: alleviate
context 1: really put much thought into alleviating my symptoms bc for the
context 2: burping exercises or methods for alleviating pain would be a good
context 3: injections was highly successful in alleviating his patients pain and discomfort

term: Lifetime
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: lifetime
context 1: Lifetime noburp here ! I am
context 2: Lifetime no - burper here !
context 3: Lifetime no - burper here ;

term: consults
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: consult
context 1: Notes from two initial consults about the Botox procedure
context 2: had the ability to do consults with 2 practitioners ( Dr.
context 3: preferably unless they provide online consults . I know there ’s

term: dogs
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: dog
context 1: enough that the neighbors ’ dogs start barking . 6 .
context 2: food ; burgers , hot dogs , steak , chicken ..
context 3: boys are putting back hot dogs , crab fries and nachos

term: operated
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: operate
context 1: When I was operated I noticed some sore throat
context 2: this . Either you get operated which seems to cost nearly
context 3: , &#x200B ; I was operated with botox 1 month ago

term: grumbles
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: grumble
context 1: cycle continues . My stomach grumbles a lot , and I
context 2: burp compared to the normal grumbles and croaks . More than
context 3: croaks , or ' the grumbles ' as my friends like

term: Able
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: able
context 1: stomach gas from not being Able to burp I get on
context 2: . * Day 6 : Able to consume some water and
context 3: ca n't remember being Properly Able To Burp , except very

term: Specialist
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: specialist
context 1: Brisbane Australia Specialist info
context 2: Southwest Ohio ENT Specialist in Dayton will do the
context 3: went to : My ENT Specialist

term: Ray
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: ray
context 1: they did an X - Ray they could see my stomach
context 2: mass on the X - Ray . Sometimes I get hiccups
context 3: a Barium Swallow X - Ray , an ultrasound and endoscopy

term: Australian
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: australian
context 1: Australian noburpers
context 2: Australian no burp price !?
context 3: Australian who ca n't burp

term: MCAS
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: mcas
context 1: , pelvic floor dysfunction , MCAS , anxiety disorders , endometriosis
context 2: RCPD , EDS , and MCAS are the first ones that
context 3: have EDS , POTS , MCAS , MALS , and debatably

term: Tiktok
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: tiktok
context 1: CPD after stumbling across a Tiktok about someone talking about it
context 2: Nov 2020 ) and opened Tiktok on my phone one night
context 3: learned about rcpd through a Tiktok and everything just fell into

term: compounded
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: compound
context 1: ’ve been ramping up on compounded semaglutide ( now at 40
context 2: I have GERD , and compounded with r- cpd it ’s
context 3: emetophobia ) which may have compounded the issue . Any sort

term: Craig
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: craig
context 1: , WA and found Dr. Craig Villari , an ENT in
context 2: Anyone used Dr. Craig Villari in WA ?
context 3: 's my turn ! Dr. Craig Villari in Washington , USA

term: stars
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: star
context 1: ’ve actually started to see stars because the pain is so
context 2: had the most reviews and stars so back in November I
context 3: throat hurts , I see stars and my head feels like

term: packs
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: pack
context 1: oz of fluid plus gels packs and I can merely get
context 2: : loose clothes , cold packs and liquid baby ibuprofen (
context 3: Foods , pillows , ice packs , etc ?

term: arts
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: art
context 1: my whole life ( martial arts . ) I ’m having
context 2: her major is in performing arts this is a bit of
context 3: To anyone good at graphic arts , here 's an idea

term: handed
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: hand
context 1: a cup of water was handed to me I gulped it
context 2: visit Tuesday afternoon . I handed the front desk the paperwork
context 3: upstairs at that point and handed my form to the upper

term: coupled
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: couple
context 1: up , and they were coupled with the gurgles . The
context 2: know existed . The relief coupled with increasing control summoned a
context 3: ” as comfort . That coupled with the immense bloating ,

term: Antacids
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: antacid
context 1: it hurts to touch . Antacids do n’t seem to help
context 2: that for a while . Antacids give me really bad stomach
context 3: , Simethicone , Tums / Antacids , Ranitidine , Dramammine *

term: Oregon
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: oregon
context 1: at OHSU in Portland , Oregon , USA . The whole
context 2: Any doctors in Washington or Oregon
context 3: flew from Chicago back to Oregon . We had breakfast at

term: Needed
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: need
context 1: bit of a nightmare . Needed to be poked and prodded
context 2: - 17yrs with Stomach Issues Needed for Short Anonymous Survey [
context 3: * Extreme difficulty swallowing . Needed to eat only " lubricated

term: Late
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: late
context 1: Late onset ? Maybe post -
context 2: of life very low . Late last year , I got
context 3: kick in more tomorrow ? Late night edit # 3 :

term: Helps
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: help
context 1: OTC Medication That Helps ?
context 2: least amount of air . Helps me tremendously . I make
context 3: tried : * Nexium ( Helps with the heat but not

term: Eustachian
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: eustachian
context 1: Patulous Eustachian Tubes and No - Burp
context 2: Does anyone else have patulous Eustachian tubes ? This is where
context 3: loss in one ear , Eustachian tube dysfunction , severe allergies

term: Aug
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: aug
context 1: I see Hoesli at BVI Aug 28th & 29th for my
context 2: finally got this done on Aug 2020 ! I had the
context 3: years old ( I visted Aug 2020 ) . Sore throat

term: Karla
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: karla
context 1: about my experience with Dr. Karla O'Dell in Los Angeles because
context 2: I later heard of Dr. Karla O'Dell in LA who was
context 3: group , we found Dr Karla O'Dell at Keck in SoCal

term: evolved
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: evolve
context 1: been able to burp has evolved during my journey . Initially
context 2: , my useless gurgles have evolved into actual expulsions of air
context 3: commented about how their dysphagia evolved after the procedure ( not

term: Buy
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: buy
context 1: very simple . 1 . Buy your drink 2 . Get
context 2: lower the intensity . * Buy canned veggies and blend them
context 3: with some bone broth . Buy fruit and blend them up

term: seeming
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: seem
context 1: what i suffer from without seeming , , egotistical ? i
context 2: , right now it ’s seeming like it was .
context 3: gluten and that is also seeming to help ! My diet

term: harming
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: harm
context 1: health issues and I started harming myself to deal with the
context 2: actually recycle bile that is harming us . Soluble fibre in
context 3: you are ever thinking about harming yourself , please do n't

term: WITH
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: with
context 1: excuse to leave , SLEEPING WITH MY FIANCE ( I was
context 2: THAT YOU WILL BE MISERABLE WITH ETC . wtf ... I
context 3: OR ADVISING DRUG USE ESPECIALLY WITH DANGEROUS STREET DRUGS DO NOT

term: UNC
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: unc
context 1: the surgical team at REX UNC in Raleigh , NC .
context 2: . The hospital experience at UNC Rex was great . Same
context 3: The doctors and nurses in UNC Rex Hospital are AMAZING !

term: flows
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: flow
context 1: my guts behind the poop flows down and can finally be
context 2: just went through ebbs and flows of nausea , anxiety attacks
context 3: only assume some stomach acid flows up my throat , and

term: Happens
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: happen
context 1: fart like CRAZY afterwards . Happens almost every time I poop
context 2: to stimulate this impulse . Happens everyday , multiple times ,
context 3: your body just stops ? Happens when yawning too like i

term: Earlier
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: early
context 1: Earlier today after thanksgiving dinner I
context 2: Earlier my brother caught me pouring
context 3: by a huge fart . Earlier this year I was at

term: extending
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: extend
context 1: and saw a video about extending the head and neck forwards
context 2: burps ? 2 ) Will extending head & neck forwards to
context 3: lifting up their arm , extending their neck , turning their

term: comparing
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: compare
context 1: to be mild symptoms when comparing to others I ’ve read
context 2: with success , but in comparing the procedure that you use
context 3: University of California San Diego comparing symptomatic RCPD group – who

term: mimicking
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: mimick
context 1: the experience right now by mimicking what my body does when
context 2: burps , then I tried mimicking it . I was able
context 3: trying to encourage them by mimicking what my throat does when

term: News
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: news
context 1: details , a recent BBC News article , the change.org petition
context 2: ? But I digress . News of this defect and how
context 3: hits mainstream news - Fox News article on botox for RCPD

term: Iowa
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: iowa
context 1: finding a doctor in Central Iowa that treats it . I
context 2: PA - C in central Iowa about seeking a diagnosis for
context 3: No burper from Iowa here 🙋‍♀️( tbh I still

term: meets
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: meet
context 1: the bottom of your neck meets the collarbone area . You
context 2: specifically where my rib cage meets , in the front ,
context 3: of some sort that perhaps meets for zoom calls once a

term: EXACT
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: exact
context 1: , this is literally THE EXACT PROBLEM we have when we
context 2: many people going through the EXACT same thing I was .
context 3: I am currently experiencing the EXACT same thing . Unsettling nausea

term: MOST
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: most
context 1: GOING TO BE IN THEIR MOST RELAXED STATE POSSIBLE . After
context 2: and just relax ... THE MOST WONDERFUL , LONG , LOUD
context 3: Believe me . MOST people are success stories !

term: arriving
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: arrive
context 1: an hour and half after arriving to my room my boyfriend
context 2: next week I will be arriving at Blackheath hospital in London
context 3: " new " and then arriving at the botox procedure as

term: masks
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: mask
context 1: sometimes helps and dancing with masks on right now is n’t
context 2: that ! Thank goodness for masks ! The napkins soaked up
context 3: . We have to wear masks at school which helps when

term: peeing
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: pee
context 1: some cases , just from peeing ! Also , I often
context 2: after eating / drinking / peeing I was sent on my
context 3: Then I spend all night peeing and do n’t get much

term: Inhale
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: inhale
context 1: few very hard loud Coughs Inhale deeply and quickly stick your
context 2: few very hard loud Coughs Inhale deeply and quickly stick your
context 3: out at all ) . Inhale during step 3 is what

term: State
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: state
context 1: University of Pennsylvania and Penn State College of Medicine . I
context 2: ( AndreaRG ) at Penn State , I ’m developing a
context 3: a few docs in Washington State and Chicago to ask about

term: Running
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: running
context 1: even \* more\* gas . Running was almost impossible . God
context 2: find another way out . Running 21.1 km was probably the
context 3: and can be messy . Running - I used to like

term: Dexilant
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: dexilant
context 1: and they just prescribed you Dexilant ( bc they did n't
context 2: ( Nux Vomica 30c , Dexilant , Magic Mushrooms , alcohol
context 3: ? : Vomited + Medication Dexilant Summary : - Started taking

term: lectures
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: lecture
context 1: being unable to go to lectures and classes at uni because
context 2: ’ll keep burping in uni lectures !! ( Ca n’t be
context 3: Gurgling in lectures and exams

term: Discord
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: discord
context 1: Discord servers ?
context 2: New Discord & New Mod !
context 3: like to announce a new Discord for R - CPD sufferers

term: ZERO
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: zero
context 1: and today has been a ZERO burp day . I probably
context 2: years , I have had ZERO issues burping when I want
context 3: from being incredibly bloated to ZERO bloat , no matter what

term: fallen
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: fall
context 1: ( with traction , the fallen skull is picked up )
context 2: is amazing , an angel fallen from heaven here to change
context 3: past two weeks it ’s fallen apart . Also , my

term: payed
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: pay
context 1: restart the process . I payed my doctor a visit to
context 2: pretty hard tbh but it payed off : 3 . Air
context 3: tongue posture . I also payed attention to when a gurgle

term: MA
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: ma
context 1: botox treatment in Boston , MA and I 'm keeping track
context 2: Doctors in MA / Boston ?
context 3: Dr. Aulet in Worcester , MA performed the Botox injection for

term: Challenge
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: challenge
context 1: Sprite Challenge
context 2: . And of course , Challenge Physio for their video on
context 3: idea you all existed ! Challenge Physio 's GERD video :

term: targeting
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: target
context 1: If the exercise was actually targeting the proper muscle to strengthen
context 2: it without General anesthesia by targeting the right side of the
context 3: has had many corrective surgeries targeting issues with acid reflux /

term: Luck
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: luck
context 1: trusting the doctor . Good Luck ! &#x200B ; Source Links
context 2: on the list . Good Luck , this worked for me
context 3: response that ended well ? Luck Hicklin said if nothing happens

term: loaded
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: load
context 1: Progresso tomato basil soup and loaded potato soup , olive oil
context 2: walked in with an ipad loaded up with all of the
context 3: labored inhaling , hiccupping , loaded belch , high pitched ,

term: DEFINITELY
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: definitely
context 1: from this procedure which most DEFINITELY did not help my anxiety
context 2: 's worse . I also DEFINITELY have to sip water with
context 3: n't work , I 'm DEFINITELY getting Botox again to try

term: WEEK
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: week
context 1: ! Day 16 - 2 WEEK BOTOX ANNIVERSARY 🥺 I ’m
context 2: effects wore off at ONE WEEK WHYYYYYYYY so going to get
context 3: get it out . ** WEEK 6 : ** This was

term: bit
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: bit
context 1: die , which is a bit extreme now I look back
context 2: my gag reflex a little bit . Because I 'm pretty
context 3: symptoms . I 'm a bit of a hypocondriac so I

term: Indiana
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: indiana
context 1: Location in Southern Indiana / Louisville KY area ?
context 2: any locations in the Southern Indiana or Louisville Kentucky area ?
context 3: Any other Indiana doctors besides Dr. Noah Parker

term: Youtube
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: youtube
context 1: i saw the videos on Youtube . It s really really
context 2: posts . Then found the Youtube video that Jack Franks posted
context 3: and watched a video on Youtube of a girl doing a

term: FWIW
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: fwiw
context 1: trigger my gag reflex . FWIW , I got home and
context 2: to find another doctor ? FWIW my acid reflux is apparently
context 3: it ’s not large . FWIW , I was 50 and

term: arguing
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: argue
context 1: after 6 + months of arguing with my primary doctor– got
context 2: - anyone have any luck arguing this with the insurance company
context 3: with me , and then arguing with them when they tell

term: Consider
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: consider
context 1: to be me too . Consider yourself lucky and please get
context 2: you 'll be fine . Consider the combination of back angle
context 3: diagnosis and could n’t . Consider getting a second opinion from

term: BP
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: bp
context 1: just gon na ask for BP meds and monitor ) ,
context 2: Night gown , IV , BP monitor ) Here comes the
context 3: 150 at times ) and BP goes up as well (

term: WORTH
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: worth
context 1: before the process . ** WORTH IT **. You should try
context 2: IS 1 DAY OF ANXIETY WORTH YOUR WHOLE LIFE OF SUFFERING
context 3: it still would be SO WORTH IT . If you made

term: Brussels
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: brussels
context 1: some things , for example Brussels sprouts , makes me gassy
context 2: . As I live in Brussels I had to wake up
context 3: - Luc University Hospital in Brussels . I got an appointment

term: chilled
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: chill
context 1: ( fortunately it was a chilled one and I barely drank
context 2: ! I watched TV and chilled out till about 12.15 pm
context 3: ! I watched TV and chilled out till about 12.15 pm

term: du
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: I du n no about you guys
context 2: and burp responsibly ??? I du n no how to close
context 3: on your body ( I du n no tho , still

term: Push
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: push
context 1: still holding your breath . Push hard , trying to breathe
context 2: updated on the science . Push through , stand tall ,
context 3: is the hardest part . Push out with your neck under

term: Meaning
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: mean
context 1: related to anything else . Meaning , if our UES is
context 2: has been not forced . Meaning it will happen at any
context 3: have to almost puke . Meaning , I have to keep

term: Jolie
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: jolie
context 1: be treated by Dr Manja Jolie in Berlin Monday after next
context 2: the Charité Berlin ( Dr. Jolie / Dr. Mainka ) .
context 3: asthma , autism , Dr Jolie ? )

term: weekends
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: weekend
context 1: day , maybe more on weekends . I noticed that the
context 2: visiting my parents a few weekends ago and turns out both
context 3: day . Usually on the weekends , on a really low

term: tolerated
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: tolerate
context 1: an effective and well - tolerated therapy for heartburn . ”
context 2: it out . This was tolerated but ridiculed by my friends
context 3: my family . i ’ve tolerated it for some time but

term: spaces
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: space
context 1: certainly not acceptable in public spaces . Sometimes I even hear
context 2: afraid of going to public spaces ( especially those which have
context 3: , I appreciate that informative spaces like this exist .

term: twists
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: twist
context 1: that all of the strange twists and turns I put my
context 2: avoid ? I was thinking twists , burpees , laying on
context 3: exercise - do some body twists while sitting or standing ..

term: Sean
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: sean
context 1: Appointment with Dr. Sean Wang
context 2: a diagnostic appointment with Dr. Sean Wang in Dublin , CA
context 3: this past Friday with Dr. Sean Wang in the bay area

term: Dublin
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: dublin
context 1: with Dr. Sean Wang in Dublin , CA today . I
context 2: botox by Dr Raftery in Dublin , Ireland . Here ’s
context 3: St Vincents Private hospital in Dublin , Ireland . Any help

term: ranges
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: range
context 1: eat * timelines and time ranges for - side effects -
context 2: The abdominal / chest pain ranges from uncomfortable to severe .
context 3: 's actually pretty common and ranges in severity ) . There

term: PSA
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: psa
context 1: relieved and shocked . So PSA to everyone in this group
context 2: by pushing . Just a PSA for those learning .
context 3: Just wanted to put a PSA out there that tricare will

term: snacking
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: snack
context 1: post botox , I was snacking before going to sleep .
context 2: latter . As I was snacking , I felt a burp
context 3: after swallowing and I was snacking ) . This regurgitation seeped

term: joked
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: joke
context 1: was doing it , I joked to myself , me being
context 2: to expect . The nurses joked around with me for a
context 3: problems now ( my mom joked I have a slow leak

term: brands
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: brand
context 1: water down wishkey . Any brands out there that do this
context 2: If you have , which brands or types worked best for
context 3: , or certain types / brands that do not come with

term: resisting
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: resist
context 1: only recently , I started resisting the automatic physiologic responses my
context 2: , I was actually unconsciously resisting having the air come out
context 3: after eating he was really resisting burping - he has burped

term: Asia
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: asia
context 1: for specialists throughout Africa and Asia , but it 's a
context 2: my attempts in Africa / Asia , I 'll be looking
context 3: here based in South East Asia ? Or know of anyone

term: entails
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: entail
context 1: the procedure and what it entails / where it happens and
context 2: to a new job that entails sitting in lots of quiet
context 3: late November at Hopkins that entails cutting the area that the

term: numbs
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: numb
context 1: with it . Basically she numbs the throat from the outside
context 2: have encountered . He then numbs your nose and throat and
context 3: can get a spray that numbs the feeling . It 's

term: stickers
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: sticker
context 1: . You ’ll have two stickers for an EMG placed on
context 2: your throat . She put stickers on my neck to tell
context 3: all of the little monitoring stickers ofdf because I have body

term: hidden
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: hide
context 1: stomach could n't even be hidden by my sweatshirt . Literally
context 2: it might indeed be a hidden cause for some of us
context 3: was always there but previously hidden .

term: thinner
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: thin
context 1: burp jokes . Voice becoming thinner but surviving through the application
context 2: would act as a " thinner " ? TL;DR Clear mucous
context 3: so I wonder if the thinner swab is better size than

term: MUST
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: must
context 1: no - burp - there MUST be a link between no
context 2: the positive effects . YOU MUST HAVE HOPE IF YOU RECOGNIZE
context 3: - Giordano ’s ( a MUST if you ’re in the

term: shuts
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: shut
context 1: - or - flight response shuts down my digestive system .
context 2: attacks when my digestive system shuts down , but these are
context 3: friends that my stomach never shuts up but it makes me

term: manifests
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: manifest
context 1: Pregnant - morning sickness manifests itself in the form of
context 2: definitely nervous . My anxiety manifests in my throat and when
context 3: me develop OCD . It manifests itself in even numbers :

term: overreacting
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: overreact
context 1: that I 'm just really overreacting and the anxiety is making
context 2: I know I 'm probably overreacting , but I thought I
context 3: , and I 'm probably overreacting a lot , but I

term: completing
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: complete
context 1: the study , please consider completing the follow up ! An
context 2: the study , please consider completing the follow up ! An
context 3: the study , please consider completing the follow up ! An

term: XD
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: xd
context 1: able to think rationally ... XD &#x200B ; &#x200B ; Also
context 2: a fun party trick ! XD * I have legendary farts
context 3: funny noise in the process XD I am so happy to

term: shirts
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: shirt
context 1: wear long , loose fitting shirts that hide my unbuttoned ,
context 2: made me stop wearing t shirts around people I know only
context 3: , even just wearing baggy shirts to hide being constantly bloated

term: unbutton
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: unbutt
context 1: meal , I try to unbutton my pants for relief only
context 2: " after eating , often unbutton my pants while eating ,
context 3: in jeans without having to unbutton them midway through a meal

term: resonates
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: resonate
context 1: this symptom I 've had resonates with anyone in this sub
context 2: much of what you said resonates with me . I feel
context 3: you have R - CPD resonates with me — for some

term: damages
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: damage
context 1: even says R - CPD damages your lower sphincter and I
context 2: we do n’t know the damages it ( botox ) could
context 3: do n’t care about the damages bbc my life quality sucks

term: orders
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: order
context 1: neck procedure , and he orders the dysport for it .
context 2: months , per the doctors orders ) . ( The constipation
context 3: Took antacid under doctor 's orders , and possibly developed heartburn

term: Wasserman
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: wasserman
context 1: Dr. Wasserman in NJ
context 2: anyone been treated by Dr. Wasserman in NJ ? I have
context 3: North Jersey - Dr. Wasserman

term: prefers
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: prefer
context 1: the procedure itself . He prefers to put patients under anesthesia
context 2: goal . He said he prefers to do the first round
context 3: with that dosage . He prefers to start low to decrease

term: Richard
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: richard
context 1: here who has had Dr. Richard McHugh and can help me
context 2: Leandro , CA or Dr. Richard McHugh in Sacramento , CA
context 3: Saw Dr. Richard McHugh in Sacramento at Kaiser

term: nailed
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: nail
context 1: out and see have n't nailed down a technique for converting
context 2: always have that mid-sentence burp nailed down . They always tease
context 3: I think I 've really nailed the ability to burp decently

term: discouraging
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: discouraging
context 1: was actually really frustrating and discouraging for me . It seems
context 2: just becomes more frustrating and discouraging . I ’m trying to
context 3: happened it was the most discouraging thing ever . Called up

term: interpreted
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: interpret
context 1: any effort ) . I interpreted this as a VERY IMPORTANT
context 2: of multiple races entered were interpreted as " mixed race "
context 3: question . The data was interpreted with the following assumptions :

term: Family
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: family
context 1: Siblings / Family Ca n’t Burp ( Genetic
context 2: which I learned from Modern Family . I noticed that sometimes
context 3: For years my friends . Family & even my wife have

term: falls
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: fall
context 1: when my can of soda falls down , I do n't
context 2: It almost feels like it falls into a notch in your
context 3: before the success rate dramatically falls off . Any advice helps

term: Visit
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: visit
context 1: Day 0 - Initial Pre-Op Visit ** I arrived at BVI
context 2: ! ** Pre Virtual Office Visit With Dr. Verma ** I
context 3: ** Day 0 : Pre-Op Visit ** Picked up a rental

term: feeding
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: feeding
context 1: NG tube feeding as baby ?
context 2: or needed prolonged nasogastric tube feeding ? My mom believes that
context 3: levin and is used for feeding on some patients ) and

term: messes
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: messe
context 1: takes me by surprised and messes up my yawn mojo .
context 2: feels like the air moving messes up the lower sphincter .
context 3: you will know how carbonation messes you up . Guinness beer

term: DBR
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: dbr
context 1: users of this subreddit , DBR could be caused by an
context 2: any doctor even know what DBR is ? Most importantly ,
context 3: How / why are DBR and emetophobia correlated ?

term: hating
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: hate
context 1: , having lived 61 years hating fizzy drinks and never being
context 2: , having lived 61 years hating fizzy drinks and never being
context 3: getting p miserable and am hating food . tips ? similar

term: regulating
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: regulate
context 1: bowel movements , reflux and regulating stress . But my main
context 2: settling down , and started regulating my meals more and enjoying
context 3: 's something to do with regulating blood sugar ) and my

term: Soft
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: soft
context 1: for post - procedure ? Soft foods if I have trouble
context 2: with what I described : Soft Palate ( it starts at
context 3: can move them : * Soft Palate ( it starts at

term: fascinated
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: fascinate
context 1: was ( and were totally fascinated by my having such a
context 2: of my symptoms and is fascinated with my inability to burp
context 3: The first ENT was extremely fascinated by it . As soon

term: assumptions
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: assumption
context 1: . Here are the initial assumptions that I made when going
context 2: was interpreted with the following assumptions : * anything in the
context 3: . He believed our initial assumptions to be false , that

term: races
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: race
context 1: * Any combination of multiple races entered were interpreted as "
context 2: over to the side during races to vomit up air in
context 3: lot of half marathon distance races and really struggle with the

term: FODMAPs
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: fodmap
context 1: : * Gluten Free * FODMAPs * Dairy Free * Gluten
context 2: Gluten , Dairy Free & FODMAPs together * Nothing but plain
context 3: : * Gluten Free * FODMAPs * Dairy Free * Gluten

term: constricting
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: constrict
context 1: was fighting against it and constricting until a certain point in
context 2: it or if that spot constricting the tube is related to
context 3: and forget about wearing any constricting clothing . The worst part

term: variables
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: variable
context 1: and you have all the variables you need to know to
context 2: so I employed many different variables , and was able to
context 3: depends on a variety of variables . Thanks and happy burping

term: Irish
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: irish
context 1: became the queen of the Irish goodbye . But I digress
context 2: I have n't seen any Irish doctors around that do the
context 3: of drinking Guinness . This Irish stout is nitrogenated and I

term: lacking
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: lack
context 1: of life was still seriously lacking . Over the years I
context 2: healthy , but find myself lacking any type of physical or
context 3: original videos and essays seem lacking in scope . Hope everyone

term: serves
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: serve
context 1: burps when I was practicing serves haha . Day 6 :
context 2: of our experience - hopefully serves as positive reinforcement . Our
context 3: me burp faster ( he serves me very hard with his

term: Fun
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: fun
context 1: ’m already micro-burping !! ( Fun side note : my birthday
context 2: self conscious about it !! Fun fact , acid reflux is
context 3: it ? Yeah same . Fun fun . Just another neat

term: Des
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: des
context 1: surgery with Dr. Bertroche in Des Moines on Wednesday ! What
context 2: Des cas en France ?
context 3: Meeting with Des Moines , IA specialist today

term: Oslo
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: oslo
context 1: Got treated in Oslo , Norway yesterday !
context 2: received the botox treatment in Oslo yesterday morning , incredibly smooth
context 3: , and we live in Oslo in Norway . He was

term: busted
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: bust
context 1: like I look like a busted can of biscuits and feel
context 2: ( vodka , specifically ) busted up the problem , good
context 3: pressure building up behind our busted bodies An Orange County drug

term: cus
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: cause
context 1: but no , nothing ( cus how amazing would that be
context 2: the evening . Rlly frustrating cus its exam period rn. anyone
context 3: sure it was the gurgles cus they were going pretty hard

term: Larynx
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: larynx
context 1: a little practice :) [ Larynx Lowering How -to Video ]
context 2: beginning ) : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXgnPbFhDxg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXgnPbFhDxg) Larynx ( it starts at the
context 3: :* [ * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXgnPbFhDxg*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXgnPbFhDxg) * Larynx ( it starts at the

term: forwarded
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: forward
context 1: him these articles and he forwarded those articles to an ENT
context 2: this group after my husband forwarded me [ the article about
context 3: unlike dilation . I was forwarded to the guy who does

term: explored
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: explore
context 1: with AXA and have n’t explored it yet with them but
context 2: went down when I had explored many options on how to
context 3: . Option 3 can be explored when # 1 and #

term: eg.
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: e.g.
context 1: a long period of time eg. a long walk . I
context 2: then clarifying some symptoms ( eg. if you get pain with
context 3: currently - diagnosable conditions ( eg. Dysphagia ) . So I

term: NB
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: nb
context 1: . My first bout with NB was when I was 11/12
context 2: would set off a severe NB episode but it progressed to
context 3: am back to a solid NB senerio . All my NB

term: measuring
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: measure
context 1: a research he recently did measuring the air pressure in the
context 2: the complex tests , just measuring stomach and esophagus fluid pressure
context 3: know most methods of weight measuring are flawed in different ways

term: saves
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: save
context 1: lol ) . It actually saves me from the intense pain
context 2: One and only forced burp saves my hole day / nigth
context 3: because it ’s cheaper and saves doctors time . The NHS

term: cysts
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: cyst
context 1: my esophagus and some small cysts were found , but nothing
context 2: n't help . I have cysts on my ovaries and they
context 3: least two large rupturing ovarian cysts because I actually just thought

term: Rebecca
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: rebecca
context 1: Brent Richardson , and Dr. Rebecca Hoesli . Dr. Bastian will
context 2: the Botox done with Dr. Rebecca Hoesli . Was wondering if
context 3: had my operation done with Rebecca Hoesli ( Super nice woman

term: Withrow
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: withrow
context 1: Dr. Withrow Recommendations
context 2: procedure done by Dr. Kirk Withrow at UAB ? I am
context 3: changing ! I found Dr. Withrow at UAB on the provider

term: feb
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: february
context 1: and these symptoms started in feb this year
context 2: and had a hysterectomy in feb due to adenomyosis - kept
context 3: to have it done in feb but i did n't feel

term: Bonus
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: bonus
context 1: idea why that happened ? Bonus question : does anyone have
context 2: severe LOWER abdominal pain ? Bonus points if you ’ve had
context 3: asleep under general anesthesia ? Bonus q : Is it really

term: Auckland
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: auckland
context 1: with Dr Jacqui Allen , Auckland , New Zealand ?
context 2: conducted by the University of Auckland in New Zealand and has
context 3: recommendations for noburp in the Auckland area ?

term: manages
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: manage
context 1: curious to hear how everyone manages . It ’s definitely the
context 2: is one thing that always manages to make me feel absolutely
context 3: When a burp or belch manages to comes out unwarranted ,

term: Shortness
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: shortness
context 1: ( obvi .. ) - Shortness of breath - Loud throat
context 2: and taste in mouth - Shortness of breath - Nausea -
context 3: Panic Attack - Dizziness - Shortness of breath - Lightheadedness -

term: Achalasia
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: achalasia
context 1: a possible case of “ Achalasia ” and that I should
context 2: things ranging from GERD to Achalasia . i recently had an
context 3: Instead she thinks I have Achalasia , which is definitely not

term: Expect
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: expect
context 1: takes a long time . Expect to get nowhere for around
context 2: for around a year . Expect to get frustrated . Expect
context 3: Expect to get frustrated . Expect to want to give up

term: mints
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: mint
context 1: . She bought me some mints that are supposed to neutralise
context 2: only get them after eating mints or chewing gum usually .
context 3: thinking of buying some LifeSaver mints , the sugar free version

term: SF
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: sf
context 1: Any doctors in SF , California area ??
context 2: about and hour south of SF and I ’m wondering if
context 3: ( I 'm from the SF Bay Area ) . They

term: dresses
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: dress
context 1: I live I wear baggy dresses , leggings , and sweaters
context 2: wear shorts or leggings or dresses because I hate the way
context 3: / swim / wear cute dresses etc. if I look like

term: Burpers
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: burpers
context 1: Hello fellow No Burpers , I am so very
context 2: talked to BaB ’s ( Burpers at Birth 😂) like my
context 3: to some of you No Burpers , you might burp one

term: Gastroenterologists
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: gastroenterolloggs
context 1: , since most ENTs and Gastroenterologists do n't even know about
context 2: * An Open Letter to Gastroenterologists about R - CPD *
context 3: minimally . I saw two Gastroenterologists before I knew what R

term: FAMILY
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: family
context 1: DOCTOR CHARACTERS ** &nbsp ; FAMILY DOCTOR My FAMILY DOCTOR /
context 2: &nbsp ; FAMILY DOCTOR My FAMILY DOCTOR / Primary Care Physician
context 3: is normal ! &nbsp ; FAMILY DOCTOR RESIDENT Primary Care Physician

term: Cancer
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: cancer
context 1: , no burp , Tongue Cancer . Are they linked ???
context 2: was referred to a Throat Cancer Specialist . you read that
context 3: to R - CPD & Cancer ! And including advanced stem

term: elbows
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: elbow
context 1: and lean forward on my elbows to a table or something
context 2: to lean back with my elbows lifted over my head ,
context 3: . Kind of lifting my elbows while pushing chair down .

term: Takes
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: take
context 1: decides to act up . Takes away the intimacy moment .
context 2: front of a buffet ! Takes me 45 minutes to eat
context 3: its worst so far . Takes about twice as long to

term: HCA
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: hca
context 1: London and consulting at several HCA / Circle Health hospitals .
context 2: Just wan na know if HCA Shard and BMI Alexandra are
context 3: Parkside Hospital in Wimbledon and HCA in Chelsea . R- CPD

term: A.
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: a.
context 1: you : ** Burping ** A. I have never been able
context 2: Swallowing ** ( dysphagia ) A. I have never had trouble
context 3: Trouble Swallowing Part 2 ** A. Food gets stuck in the

term: Hungary
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: hungary
context 1: I 'm sitting here in Hungary stuck in my bloated body
context 2: I 'm sitting here in Hungary stuck in my bloated body
context 3: So I live in Hungary , and realized a few

term: S
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: s
context 1: My S /O [ M ] makes
context 2: that I had an “ S ” shaped stomach and there
context 3: , Balzano C , Mauramati S , Giudice C , Fresia

term: Funnily
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: funnily
context 1: Funnily enough I failed at a
context 2: Funnily enough , my asthma was
context 3: to get any out . Funnily enough , I went to

term: Treating
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: treat
context 1: too bothersome . * ** Treating beer like food :** If
context 2: already * ** Self - Treating ** * Designates you as
context 3: Treating bloat in Cows . Bloat

term: contacts
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: contact
context 1: makeup , jewelry , or contacts lenses for the procedure .
context 2: getting dressed and putting my contacts back in . I was
context 3: makeup , jewelry , or contacts lenses for the procedure .

term: Shard
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: shard
context 1: of next week at the Shard , London and I ’ve
context 2: wan na know if HCA Shard and BMI Alexandra are also
context 3: Or Blackheath BMI and the Shard for the southerners .

term: https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing).
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14f_kseelad_rtpnjj_gvntlvlam&usp=sharing).
context 1: CPD Botox Specialists ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing).
context 2: the map here ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing). If anyone has been treated
context 3: [ nearest specialist ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing).

term: https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing),
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14f_kseelad_rtpnjj_gvntlvlam&usp=sharing),
context 1: [ the map ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing), but be aware that individual
context 2: map of specialists ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing), but now I 've been
context 3: [ known specialist ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing), since the condition is still

term: Il
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: il
context 1: ne pouvais pas roter . Il semble que j'avais une version
context 2: 27 juin en téléconsultation . Il m 'a également dit qu'il
context 3: ho proprio fatto l'iniezione . Il metodo che ho seguito non

term: Text
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: text
context 1: inside the U.S. :* - Text CHAT to 741741 to reach
context 2: 741741 to reach [ Crisis Text Line ] ( https://www.crisistextline.org/). You
context 3: trained Crisis Counselor from Crisis Text Line . - Call the

term: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553)(first
frequency: 12
lemmatized_to: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974x19834553)(first
context 1: Bastian 's paper ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553)(first pinned post in this sub
context 2: Bastian 's paper ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553)(first pinned post in this sub
context 3: Bastian 's paper ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/2473974X19834553)(first pinned post in this sub

term: outings
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: outing
context 1: on a lot of social outings because I ca n’t drink
context 2: not going to any social outings , I ’m driving in
context 3: , particularly before exams or outings with friends . I really

term: Dad
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: dad
context 1: robustly . But when my Dad got Parkinson 's he started
context 2: My Dad ’s Burping Method
context 3: botox and was asking my Dad how he thinks about burping

term: floats
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: float
context 1: here or anything , whatever floats your boat and all that
context 2: just does n’t digest and floats in my chest . I
context 3: And then eventually that dream floats away .

term: CC
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: cc
context 1: is $ 425 for 100 CC 's of Botox , which
context 2: give me 50 - 100 CC 's of Botox into my
context 3: . Second time ( 130 CC ) - paradise for 3

term: gates
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: gate
context 1: been drinking ) or the gates of hell , that is
context 2: have dreams where the flood gates open and I roar out
context 3: been opened , and the gates opened . I still ca

term: Reflex
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: reflex
context 1: of Dysfunction of the Belch Reflex ( or , as we
context 2: the Dysfunction of the Belch Reflex !
context 3: " Dysfunction of the Belch Reflex " and icantburp.com

term: delays
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: delay
context 1: supposed to but there 's delays due to weather ) .
context 2: friends , finally after many delays including getting Covid one week
context 3: this experience - the long delays ? For context , I

term: relied
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: rely
context 1: post , but I have relied so heavily on info /
context 2: a problem since I always relied on farts to expel the
context 3: At that time I usually relied on the croaks to slowly

term: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA)
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddz8zmzhuua](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddz8zmzhuua)
context 1: himself without botox . [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA) His Reddit post about it
context 2: ) with progress :** [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA) (* Compared to the video
context 3: a gamechanger . ( [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA) ) . And this exercise

term: Ms.
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: ms.
context 1: expected , £ 650 to Ms. Hicklin on the day of
context 2: got my Botox done with Ms. Lucy Hicklin in Wimbledon .
context 3: it has been done . Ms. Hicklin called me in right

term: Mountain
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: mountain
context 1: stuck to Red Bull or Mountain Dew since they 're lightly
context 2: night , applesauce and drank Mountain Dew and Sprite for the
context 3: I was strolling along Mary Mountain in Yellowstone National Park ,

term: Story
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: story
context 1: old ’s lifetime No Burp Story
context 2: I just finished watching Toy Story 3 . Just lay in
context 3: I am not alone ! Story : I was at the

term: backing
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: back
context 1: Heartburn caused by stomach acid backing up into the Esophagus ,
context 2: me and there 's evidence backing it up when you do
context 3: reasons :( I 'm not backing out but I ca n't

term: Bariatric
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: bariatric
context 1: Ten years ago I had Bariatric surgery , a Vertical Gastric
context 2: last 10 years . My Bariatric surgeon is the only doctor
context 3: or 5 days . My Bariatric surgeon is the best doctor

term: Come
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: come
context 1: Come together to get this on
context 2: Come see me in free video
context 3: relationship ) ) ) . Come to the site and register

term: inserting
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: insert
context 1: African , this is basically inserting a straw into a beer
context 2: If I keep breathing while inserting the finger , that helps
context 3: me swallow while he was inserting it . Once it was

term: hypersalivating
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: hypersalivate
context 1: in - throat sensation , hypersalivating people :’ ) As this
context 2: out , my mouth started hypersalivating , then the more I
context 3: Bubble ” in throat and hypersalivating

term: containing
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: contain
context 1: bought a packet of meds containing simeticone to see if they
context 2: is Simethicone , so something containing that could be helpful for
context 3: had success with any medications containing simethicone ? It ’s supposed

term: noburps
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: noburp
context 1: sister and I are both noburps . We do n’t get
context 2: squeeze my upper back the noburps come out ! was super
context 3: mid-january , my case of noburps began on a CRUISE .

term: ALOT
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: alot
context 1: person ... and they have ALOT of pressure behind them .
context 2: later : NOW I BURP ALOT . Like , I mean
context 3: sneeze last night and burped ALOT . Body 's are weird

term: Fear
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: fear
context 1: have in common : - Fear of vomitting - Anxiety -
context 2: crept up on me . Fear of going out or meeting
context 3: Fear and apprehension for my procedure

term: Stuck
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: stuck
context 1: had no real struggles . Stuck with Jamba Juice for brunch
context 2: worried about swallowing issues . Stuck with soft foods all day
context 3: day . Pretty uncontrollable . Stuck to mostly soft thanksgiving foods

term: Exercises
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: exercise
context 1: Where are the Exercises / Stretches ?
context 2: Botox Throat / Neck Muscle Exercises or Relaxation ?
context 3: learned in 1 week . Exercises , massages and non stop

term: possessed
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: possess
context 1: which sounded like I was possessed by a demon and some
context 2: burps sounded like I was possessed by a demon . Like
context 3: do a full on * possessed demonic child from scary movie*

term: IU
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: iu
context 1: 7th , 2021 with 100 IU of Botox and seeing as
context 2: How to determine how many IU of Botox ?
context 3: experience — I had 100 IU of Botox injected and although

term: Light
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: light
context 1: Light at the end of the
context 2: my chest and stomach . Light headed . Cold sweat .
context 3: I had been drinking Coke Light ) when my drink went

term: shitting
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: shit
context 1: 2 years ago , was shitting my pants all day and
context 2: , I ca n’t be shitting myself constantly . I drink
context 3: all over the car but shitting yourself ? That ’s when

term: inflating
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: inflate
context 1: is in my stomach , inflating and inflating until it feels
context 2: my stomach , inflating and inflating until it feels like it
context 3: , making me croak and inflating my stomach like a balloon

term: Santa
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: santa
context 1: I am currently based in Santa Barbara , California and really
context 2: I booked a flight into Santa Ana , California Got an
context 3: * Dr. Yoosun Yang in Santa Rosa However , they said

term: Trouble
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: trouble
context 1: had any issues since ? Trouble swallowing ? Eating ? Breathing
context 2: pain is too much . Trouble exercising , making noises while
context 3: used to air vomit . Trouble is I 'm not going

term: Nah
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: nah
context 1: Nah for real tho , I
context 2: go , " Ladylike ? Nah dude . I fart like
context 3: Nah , own your body and

term: Dysphagia
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: dysphagia
context 1: Dysphagia and no burp
context 2: - CPD on the “ Dysphagia ” Wikipedia page . I
context 3: an ENT with experience treating Dysphagia with Botox . I found

term: interrupted
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: interrupt
context 1: You can imagine how this interrupted my ability to nap ,
context 2: end of my cough is interrupted by a sudden single hiccup
context 3: . My work day is interrupted by my ceaseless need to

term: yawns
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: yawn
context 1: i ca n’t complete the yawns anymore . idk what to
context 2: , I did a few yawns , and some “ micro
context 3: that happen ? With the yawns , I could feel my

term: Greenwich
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: greenwich
context 1: . He works out of Greenwich and performs the procedure in
context 2: Doctor In Greenwich , CT
context 3: Lerner ( through Yale at Greenwich Hospital ) is an option

term: discounted
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: discount
context 1: never heard of it and discounted my questions / concerns with
context 2: over me and pretty much discounted all of them by saying
context 3: 6,500 , but ended being discounted as I was in and

term: Figured
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: figure
context 1: Figured I should post here as
context 2: Figured I 'd throw in my
context 3: / unintentionally recycled concepts . Figured I ’d share what I

term: Lmao
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: lmao
context 1: I do feel dumb !! Lmao During my 2 years of
context 2: has been living ?!? ” Lmao I did n’t realize how
context 3: someone has the hiccups . Lmao there 's alot 🤣

term: shocked
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: shocked
context 1: it . .... I am shocked this is even a thing
context 2: this month . I was shocked . The video appointment ended
context 3: meetings at work and it shocked me as much as everyone

term: traps
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: trap
context 1: each other , stretching your traps - imagine you ’re trying
context 2: ) The upper trapezoids / traps are stretched and the pectoral
context 3: chest that extends to the traps , maybe it caused some

term: engaged
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: engage
context 1: my tongue were way too engaged and my throat felt tightly
context 2: swallow , and he was engaged and supportive in his first
context 3: around the world that has engaged with R - CPD in

term: desired
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: desire
context 1: exercises to cause the same desired result ? Or does the
context 2: posts on notable progress if desired . All in all a
context 3: Other than that achieving the desired result . Very excited .

term: Nashville
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: nashville
context 1: any doctors in or near Nashville , TN that I could
context 2: Any doctors around the Nashville , TN area that have
context 3: . I live in the Nashville , TN area and was

term: CONSTANT
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: constant
context 1: I ’ve been in a CONSTANT “ flare ” all day
context 2: in some way . The CONSTANT bloating and pressure in my
context 3: 6 months , which is CONSTANT acid reflux . i think

term: Switzerland
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: switzerland
context 1: that specializes in this in Switzerland as well then I will
context 2: Treatment in Switzerland
context 3: anybody got the treatment in Switzerland ? Thanks !

term: Perth
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: perth
context 1: treatment !!!! I ’m in Perth Western Australia and ca n’t
context 2: good 🤞🏻having this done in Perth Western Australia btw . CAN
context 3: until then ! Located in Perth , Western Australia and I

term: WORSE
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: worse
context 1: and this chest pressure got WORSE . I was constantly bloated
context 2: it makes the bubbles MUCH WORSE . i ve found that
context 3: make my throat nausea EVEN WORSE , I 'm still continually

term: Further
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: further
context 1: I was with her . Further evidence that it could be
context 2: excited by it . *\*\* Further description of how a gurgle
context 3: or Eructile Dysfunction " *** Further down on the website :

term: participants
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: participant
context 1: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Uww-EwhZMR5xU157w9FtYkd-ildLqlsOCz1yXWLcPuc/edit?usp=sharing) Thank you to the participants and readers !
context 2: ~ 25 % of survey participants said they were also diagnosed
context 3: follow - up ) , participants may enroll in a drawing

term: blended
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: blend
context 1: and fruits and then thick blended soups out of vegetables ,
context 2: a lot , because I blended up some pork and potato
context 3: with oats and peanut butter blended in that went down okay

term: pathways
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: pathway
context 1: ) , which affects serotonin pathways about 7 years ago .
context 2: its like the right neuron pathways formed and I could do
context 3: ... but that confuses the pathways in my esophagus ... I

term: Franks
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: franks
context 1: . No burp . Jack Franks
context 2: the Youtube video that Jack Franks posted . I was in
context 3: I was watching Jack Franks videos and he mentioned he

term: Wtf
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: wtf
context 1: flare back up again . Wtf ? I ’ve noticed I
context 2: when people asked , " Wtf was that sound ? ?
context 3: is my burp day ! Wtf ! I ca n't really

term: greens
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: green
context 1: here . Anytime I eat greens of any kind it causes
context 2: said to avoid lactose and greens ( gas producing food )
context 3: unfortunately keep my consumption of greens and fruits fairly low ,

term: advices
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: advice
context 1: told her that he strongly advices doing the botox under local
context 2: I hope those advices can help some of you
context 3: weird stomach shape advices

term: PMS
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: pms
context 1: stop burping every month during PMS week and found this to
context 2: from my period ie in PMS week and my burps stopped
context 3: they struggle to burp during PMS week ) . - I

term: stepping
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: step
context 1: is blaming himself for not stepping in . Is this something
context 2: 2024 , he will be stepping away from performing surgical procedures
context 3: a rubbing sensation ( like stepping on snow - type vibration

term: Booked
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: book
context 1: I was nt hopeless . Booked in for a higher dose
context 2: Booked with Hickling next week
context 3: again as a result ... Booked in with surgeon who did

term: Wonka
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: wonka
context 1: people I went from Willa Wonka ’s blueberry girl to burping
context 2: up like Violet from Willy Wonka . Are there any types
context 3: scene from the 70s Willy Wonka . Delightful , heavenly ,

term: LIKE
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: like
context 1: referred me to counciling ?! LIKE WHAT but everything ca n't
context 2: n’t gurgled or croaked IN LIKE A MONTH 🙏 but it
context 3: GET DRUNK BEFORE I FEEL LIKE A BLOATED PUKEY ELEPHANT !

term: Fair
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: fair
context 1: Hi everyone . Fair warning , I have my
context 2: reflex is triggered . ( Fair warning , you will burp
context 3: make my issues worse . Fair point , I can understand

term: slouched
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: slouch
context 1: either , sitting in a slouched position gives me the best
context 2: are all sitting down and slouched over FAR too often …
context 3: / sitting in a very slouched position . Searching this up

term: Bangkok
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: bangkok
context 1: Bangkok Doctor for nonburpers around Thailand
context 2: treated by a doctor in Bangkok . I just do nt
context 3: of Bumrungrad International Hospital in Bangkok . You can call Bumrungrad

term: Constantly
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: constantly
context 1: started having trouble breathing . Constantly , like 24/7 constantly .
context 2: my inability to burp . Constantly bloated , gurgles in my
context 3: eating too much . * Constantly feeling like I 'm a

term: PEOPLE
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: people
context 1: to drink alcohol . MY PEOPLE . now the hard part
context 2: MY WIFES PEOPLE !!!!
context 3: and HOLY COW . MY PEOPLE ! My mom , sister

term: Gastroscopy
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: gastroscopy
context 1: Swallow , Motility Test , Gastroscopy ) and all of my
context 2: . Has anyone has a Gastroscopy and had anything come from
context 3: motility test Barium Swallow test Gastroscopy And after a years worth

term: pulls
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: pull
context 1: of the first things that pulls up is talking about a
context 2: back in exercises , which pulls on my chest and makes
context 3: worth noting that rack - pulls from three inches below the

term: Sometime
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: sometime
context 1: surgery at one point . Sometime during COVID , I returned
context 2: might possibly be worsening . Sometime in November of last year
context 3: then feel much better . Sometime around September of this year

term: Spicy
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: spicy
context 1: Spicy food and upper endoscopy
context 2: Spicy food makes my symptoms horrible
context 3: syrup * Peanut butter * Spicy foods , Buffalo wings *

term: laws
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: law
context 1: have dinner with my in laws right after the procedure (
context 2: up to my in - laws house in Wisconsin for Christmas
context 3: , family , in - laws , coworkers , therapists ,

term: Baylor
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: baylor
context 1: procedure by Dr. Venkatesen at Baylor Scott & White in Dallas
context 2: is not part of the Baylor network ?
context 3: see Dr. Randall Holdgraf at Baylor Scott and White in Temple

term: BSW
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: bsw
context 1: with a speech therapist at BSW in Dallas after being referred
context 2: ! And hoping that the BSW team is able to start
context 3: it is much cheaper . BSW has now informed me that

term: pinching
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: pinch
context 1: air in my mouth and pinching my nose . She said
context 2: 1 . Plug nose by pinching with fingers 2 . Take
context 3: a teeny opening . Picture pinching the end of a balloon

term: goals
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: goal
context 1: these are general guidelines and goals to follow . But I
context 2: going to affect my fitness goals and upcoming travel / hiking
context 3: ability . ### Our 2 goals : 1 . ** Achieve

term: flashes
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: flash
context 1: far away , weird hot flashes , my body feels uncalibrated
context 2: . I was having hot flashes , excess salivation , intense
context 3: you ever get " hot flashes " ( both pre- and

term: Coughing
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: cough
context 1: on your hand . Begin Coughing hard and loud into the
context 2: on your hand . Begin Coughing hard and loud into the
context 3: does as of today . Coughing makes him burp and feel

term: Def
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: definitely
context 1: end in a burp . Def already getting better . Day
context 2: vocal cord from intubation . Def explains partly why the left
context 3: sinus or nasal congestion . Def sinus / ear pressure Food

term: Globus
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: globus
context 1: having what is called “ Globus sensation ” , the feeling
context 2: I thought this sensation was Globus , but I 've just
context 3: not reduce my symptoms ** Globus ** A. I have globus

term: poured
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: pour
context 1: ' accidentally ' shaken or poured too fast before drinking .
context 2: then the bartender said he poured one too many beers for
context 3: It feels kinda like someone poured soda into my stomach ,

term: Abdel
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: abdel
context 1: tomorrow morning ( with Dr. Abdel - Aty in Tampa )
context 2: in Tampa . Dr. Yassmeen Abdel - Aty has heard of
context 3: doing the procedure ( Dr. Abdel - Aty ) in conjunction

term: athletes
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: athlete
context 1: my question -- to any athletes / runners who have had
context 2: also to give the other athletes in this group some sport
context 3: sports - any non burper athletes with the Botox ?

term: terrifies
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: terrify
context 1: and even throwing up which terrifies me . I do n’t
context 2: I air vomit but that terrifies the crap out of me
context 3: thought of a general anesthetic terrifies me , also the cost

term: Shores
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: shores
context 1: Lakeshore ENT in St. Clair Shores , MI on 11/30 but
context 2: Rubin out of St. Clair Shores , Michigan . A couple
context 3: [ <UNK> * St. Clair Shores , MI : Dr. Adam

term: subsiding
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: subside
context 1: difficulty swallowing . Sore throat subsiding . * Day 3 :
context 2: I had from gurgling is subsiding too , and no pressure
context 3: of retraining the throat and subsiding the surrounding issues but ,

term: lingers
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: linger
context 1: The gag type feeling always lingers and can get worse as
context 2: bar food as the night lingers on . It has kept
context 3: bad and the mornings and lingers throughout the day

term: yelled
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: yell
context 1: some relief , and was yelled at by a bouncer :
context 2: kid , I would get yelled at for not finishing my
context 3: it on my phone and yelled out loudly to my wife

term: Consultation
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: consultation
context 1: . Day 1 - BVI Consultation My appointment was at 11:15
context 2: n't have insurance . ** Consultation : £ 250 - however
context 3: 4000 * * with the Consultation , Stroboscopy , Surgery and

term: Surely
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: surely
context 1: , for my reflux . Surely constant air coming up and
context 2: what I experienced pre-botox . Surely there is a correlation ?
context 3: throat is very small ? Surely , the fact that R

term: Used
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: use
context 1: I Used Essential Oils to Help Me
context 2: inconvenience than anything major . Used water as a chaser when
context 3: for months now too 😂 Used to be 65 kg (

term: Valium
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: valium
context 1: anyone here taken Xanax / Valium to help ease the anxiety
context 2: Pitman prescribed me a little Valium to take before I went
context 3: just in theory ? Would Valium have a similar effect ?

term: topics
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: topic
context 1: on discord servers over shared topics 👀 are there any discord
context 2: tips and opinions on those topics !
context 3: other posts that discus similar topics

term: Private
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: private
context 1: Had the procedure at Parkside Private Hospital in Wimbledon at 10:50
context 2: talking about is St Vincents Private hospital in Dublin , Ireland
context 3: Rafferty in St Vincent ’s Private Hospital for a consultation in

term: Website
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: website
context 1: 3 PE Email : enquiries@britishlaryngological.org Website : www.britishlaryngological.org I have emailed
context 2: Website that lets you share treatments
context 3: **\- Phone :- Email :- Website : ** Qualifications :** **

term: frustrations
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: frustration
context 1: just need to vent my frustrations .
context 2: to get my thoughts and frustrations out and I hope it
context 3: previously posted here about my frustrations that doctors are saying im

term: bloods
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: blood
context 1: what is trapped . Had bloods done and stools but no
context 2: - rays , biopsy , bloods , enema etc ) and
context 3: I ’ve had to do bloods and an x ray ,

term: expanded
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: expand
context 1: feel like my stomach has expanded well beyond baby simply due
context 2: I should get my esophagus expanded . Referred to Gastro and
context 3: abdomen and it just feels expanded and full and uncomfortable from

term: doomed
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: doom
context 1: and GERD and I was doomed for a life of pain
context 2: I really thought I was doomed forever and would literally dream
context 3: After feeling doomed I would have to live

term: bounced
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: bounce
context 1: the way my body has bounced back and so happy about
context 2: basically the water I swallowed bounced up and down my esophagus
context 3: wrong with me and then bounced me to another doctor .

term: RCD
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: rcd
context 1: 've recently realised I have RCD - it explains the crippling
context 2: into no burp and about RCD . He spouted the same
context 3: be more than just the RCD . My next steps are

term: conducting
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: conduct
context 1: procedure . Dr. Anderson is conducting a trial that I said
context 2: of Wisconsin . We are conducting a study to understand and
context 3: it . Yale University is conducting a research study on the

term: HERE
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: here
context 1: when I get home 😂. HERE ’S TO BURPING !!
context 2: , please do so [ HERE ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSebYi-dRBl00Jjyfw8cG6hqnb54sGceWAlDG79wgZTIPDUlcA/viewform?usp=sf_link). Cheers edit
context 3: of precedent ) . https://i.imgur.com/IOxLJl6.png HERE IT IS : The following

term: developments
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: development
context 1: However I ’ve had new developments . Like the gurgle in
context 2: Recent developments in learning to burp !
context 3: * thrilled * by these developments . Now , onto what

term: holes
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: hole
context 1: like there is acid burning holes in my stomach , but
context 2: of plastic ball full of holes and completely hollow in the
context 3: like the gurgles bloat farting holes in sheets lol but ive

term: freeing
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: free
context 1: during meals in hopes of freeing up space . I start
context 2: night . It felt so freeing ! Applesauce can only do
context 3: -- it 's such a freeing feeling ! I hope this

term: glands
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: gland
context 1: it could be my salivary glands but they did n't feel
context 2: scan done on my salivary glands . I have been to
context 3: long gurgle episode , the glands above your throat swell /

term: retaining
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: retain
context 1: in reality I ’m just retaining my extreme amounts of gas
context 2: ability to burp , and retaining it . I think I
context 3: a huge part in me retaining the ability to burp .

term: traumatizing
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: traumatizing
context 1: But it was n't a traumatizing experience . Because reading about
context 2: now ) and it was traumatizing . I have n't v\*mited
context 3: and it was torturous and traumatizing but I 'm still glad

term: retired
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: retire
context 1: 5 times ever . We retired to his bedroom , but
context 2: am a 70 year old retired man on a fixed income
context 3: to slow down . I retired so I can take care

term: NORMAL
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: normal
context 1: this , is definitely NOT NORMAL ! Feel free to ask
context 2: the time I live a NORMAL life , I know that
context 3: than that , I LIVE NORMAL . It ’s so worth

term: constricted
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: constrict
context 1: or like I have a constricted upper throat - basically like
context 2: . My throat feels really constricted and I need to be
context 3: coming up , hold it constricted as long as you can

term: aching
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: ach
context 1: 'd start getting this weird aching waves of pain where it
context 2: , feeling sick , stomach aching , palpitations , blurry vision
context 3: of the sternum , often aching pains to the left of

term: instruments
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: instrument
context 1: to drive home . The instruments scraped my throat and the
context 2: presume that due to the instruments jammed down my throat for
context 3: was incredibly sore from whatever instruments they used to hold my

term: accepts
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: accept
context 1: I have a partner who accepts and laughs with me about
context 2: of you know if he accepts remote patients ? Thanks !
context 3: know which insurances Doctor Bastian accepts ? If you could could

term: packed
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: pack
context 1: been such a jam - packed month that I 'm forgetting
context 2: think . So I ’ve packed on a few pounds .
context 3: made professors , in completely packed lecture halls , turn around

term: houses
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: house
context 1: stay at other people ’s houses , because the times I
context 2: offers to stay at friends houses afterwards because I knew I
context 3: the night at women 's houses ( when in fact I

term: trusted
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: trust
context 1: online resources ca n't be trusted , so I pulled out
context 2: an ENT , and she trusted my experience and gave me
context 3: area ? Looking for someone trusted and knowledgeable that could potentially

term: Alabama
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: alabama
context 1: difficult because I live in Alabama . Do any of you
context 2: right . I live in Alabama , and being a barely
context 3: Alabama treatment ??

term: manipulating
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: manipulate
context 1: it takes a lot of manipulating with my fingers in my
context 2: ) - 5 x Physically manipulating the throat ( cricoid massage
context 3: still holding the exercise but manipulating my throat muscles freely .

term: CANT
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: cant
context 1: . IS THIS BECAUSE I CANT BURP ? Has anyone else
context 2: how to relieve trapped gas CANT BURP cant burp gastroparesis had
context 3: of me BECAUSE I LITERALLY CANT . Whenever I bring it

term: nodules
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: nodule
context 1: Like I get vocal cord nodules ... is that related because
context 2: also being monitored for thyroid nodules and not sure if one
context 3: as heck do n't want nodules . The biggest downside has

term: worded
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: word
context 1: this is rambly and not worded well but I 'm honestly
context 2: , sorry if this is worded weirdly lol I have been
context 3: 's also how Dr. Holsli worded it to me . Reason

term: Poland
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: poland
context 1: R - CPD treatment in Poland , doctors in Poland .
context 2: in Poland , doctors in Poland . Help .
context 3: there is a doctor in Poland who can solve my problem

term: COULD
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: could
context 1: in agonizing pain but I. COULD . NOT . THROW UP
context 2: tiring this day ; I COULD talk , but it wore
context 3: not regurgitate but then I COULD N'T BURP !! so possibly

term: Gut
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: gut
context 1: like I ’m choking . Gut issues follow , I ’m
context 2: burping absolutely shocked me . Gut wrenching , body heaving ,
context 3: Biofeedback ' at The Functional Gut Clinic - basically a breathing

term: GIRD
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: gird
context 1: opening tight to eliminate the GIRD I had been experiencing .
context 2: that are used to cure GIRD and Reflux . * Nissen
context 3: . That will give you GIRD and Regurgitation . Botox is

term: classified
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: classify
context 1: know if this could be classified as chronic hiccups or just
context 2: " Inability to burp " classified under " Miscellaneous voice disorders
context 3: can share how their insurance classified the condition or procedure or

term: compiled
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: compile
context 1: like there should be an compiled document that includes all the
context 2: I compiled a list of free apps
context 3: were with what has been compiled here as common triggers ,

term: Hayley
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: hayley
context 1: the Botox injection with Dr. Hayley Born on Monday ( it
context 2: 5 months post botox with Hayley Born
context 3: request a referral to Dr Hayley Herbert at Perth ENT Centre

term: deflating
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: deflate
context 1: I actually feel my chest deflating and it feels amazing ,
context 2: a feeling like I m deflating even though I do n't
context 3: then spend the evening literally deflating in the living room !!

term: Map
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: map
context 1: World Map Updates ( Americas ) -
context 2: on the [ ** World Map of Specialists **] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing)
context 3: ( https://youtu.be/AFTk2xZD2Bg?si=cLmeR3CDBJuoYIFw) [ A World Map of Known R - CPD

term: appealed
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: appeal
context 1: denied the surgery . We appealed . They came back that
context 2: not the Botox . We appealed again , but we did
context 3: the other options even slightly appealed to me , the air

term: Pepto
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: pepto
context 1: 3. GasX , Pepcid , Pepto several hours before your event
context 2: . I ’ve been trying Pepto , Gaviscon , Mylanta ,
context 3: hand in hand ) , Pepto Bismol ( recently started taking

term: Changed
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: change
context 1: Thank you all again ! Changed my life .
context 2: prep for the procedure . Changed into the hospital gown ,
context 3: to come back shortly . Changed into a gown , hairnet

term: downed
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: down
context 1: completely stopped altogether . I downed a fizzy drink yesterday to
context 2: my chest , so I downed a bottle of ginger ale
context 3: and in my terror I downed an emergency glass of coke

term: Krankenkasse
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: krankenkasse
context 1: Botox - OP durch eure Krankenkasse gemacht ? Falls eure Krankenkasse
context 2: Krankenkasse gemacht ? Falls eure Krankenkasse die Botox Spritze gezahlt hat
context 3: Krankenkasse Zuschuss ?

term: exercised
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: exercise
context 1: each time I think this exercised the right muscle ( s
context 2: week . The neck is exercised when swimming crawl in a
context 3: or a high altitude or exercised or done things where you

term: variations
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: variation
context 1: condition seems to have many variations and that people have different
context 2: " You could also try variations using keywords such as :
context 3: been doing a lot of variations of sit-ups , which I

term: Francisco
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: francisco
context 1: . I moved to San Francisco and am seeing a specialist
context 2: Rosen at UCSF in San Francisco on Wednesday . I ’m
context 3: found a doctor in San Francisco or the Bay Area ?

term: Gastroenterology
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: gastroenterology
context 1: , and I am a Gastroenterology Fellow at the Medical College
context 2: do except refer you to Gastroenterology and they ’ll probably want
context 3: with the TTUHSC Department of Gastroenterology to conduct a research study

term: leaked
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: leak
context 1: that the botox had " leaked " into my vocal chords
context 2: its from the botox that leaked to different muscles or from
context 3: a tiny amount of air leaked out - but sometimes I

term: repeats
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: repeat
context 1: few hours until the cycle repeats . * I get the
context 2: the gas out the cycle repeats every 5 mins or so
context 3: / pain - burp sequence repeats . Normal ???

term: particles
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: particle
context 1: full with liquid and solid particles , like water & bread
context 2: acid reflux . Essentially the particles will be able to come
context 3: talking and it feels the particles touching my vocal cords ,

term: Saskatchewan
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: saskatchewan
context 1: referral . We are in Saskatchewan and have had no luck
context 2: a new family dr ( Saskatchewan ) and told him I
context 3: congrats ! I 'm in Saskatchewan and found a doctor who

term: laryngologists
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: laryngologist
context 1: corroborated by the other Louisiana laryngologists and speech pathologists who were
context 2: posts and refer your local laryngologists to Bastian for more information
context 3: Phoniatricians and laryngologists often perform the procedure for

term: Javier
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: javier
context 1: Spain --- Granada : Dr. Javier Olóriz - source : [
context 2: Spain --- Granada : Dr. Javier Olóriz ** North America **
context 3: botox injection today from Doctor Javier Oloriz , in Granada ,

term: Olóriz
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: olóriz
context 1: --- Granada : Dr. Javier Olóriz - source : [ https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/b0d49v/i\_received\_the\_botox\_injection\_today/](https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/b0d49v/i_received_the_botox_injection_today/)
context 2: --- Granada : Dr. Javier Olóriz ** North America ** *
context 3: Granada : [ Dr. Javier Olóriz ] ( http://www.oloriz.com/clinica-doctor-oloriz/equipo/) \- source

term: Soooo
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: soooo
context 1: those with swallowing difficulty . Soooo anyone in Australia , here
context 2: n't get nauseous from this Soooo .... anyone else not have
context 3: are usually very painful . Soooo yeah . Based on what

term: True
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: true
context 1: , PERSEVERANCE . ( * True , it may not work
context 2: not to burp " . True , but so what ?
context 3: your esophagus / throat . True Nausea is Stomach Nausea .

term: Discovered
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: discover
context 1: tried the gag reflex . Discovered I also do not have
context 2: Drinkers : Nitro stouts - Discovered this cheat code way too
context 3: Discovered there is a cure for

term: deepest
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: deep
context 1: , bringing all of your deepest fears and insecurities to the
context 2: burper ' has become my deepest fear !
context 3: I did the biggest / deepest burp after the grapes ,

term: rings
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: ring
context 1: as a series of stacked rings , and I imagined slowly
context 2: have a breakthrough " still rings true in uncanny ways .
context 3: my jewelry ( bracelets and rings ) . I used to

term: demonstrated
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: demonstrate
context 1: was for 2 reasons as demonstrated in this video : **
context 2: from administration . . As demonstrated on multiple previous examinations there
context 3: ups " exercise exactly as demonstrated in this video : https://youtu.be/DDZ8zMZHUuA

term: recordings
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: recording
context 1: Has anyone found evidence or recordings of no burpers throughout the
context 2: cool to watch back the recordings he explained everything and showed
context 3: and plan to have handy recordings of what the gurgles sound

term: feeds
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: feed
context 1: air , and it just feeds itself . Any advice on
context 2: , and THEN another nurse feeds you some bites of applesauce
context 3: my anxiety does . noburp feeds my anxiety too so it

term: squeezes
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: squeeze
context 1: footstep , an invisible hand squeezes my insides , forcing air
context 2: when some of the acid squeezes itself up too high ,
context 3: i can and hope it squeezes by . If you keep

term: Botulinum
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: botulinum
context 1: Long - term Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Injection to Treat Retrograde
context 2: Long - term Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Injection to Treat Retrograde
context 3: Long - term Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Injection to Treat Retrograde

term: O2
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: o2
context 1: felt tight , but my O2 levels were fine despite my
context 2: just pseudo disapnia because my O2 stays way high even when
context 3: I mean we breath in O2 and breath out CO2 but

term: balloons
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: balloon
context 1: as my cheeks were becoming balloons . '' Now , swallow
context 2: reduction , and eustacian tube balloons , I suddenly found myself
context 3: After a meal my stomach balloons and when I do deep

term: fodmaps
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: fodmap
context 1: journey with flop dietitians , fodmaps , inconclusive colonoscopies etc ,
context 2: reading up on the low fodmaps diet and one of the
context 3: so that takes out most fodmaps so he does n't see

term: costed
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: cost
context 1: Aus ? How much it costed , was it covered by
context 2: I read someone say it costed $ 6000 w Kaiser but
context 3: w Kaiser but it only costed about $ 150 for me

term: Marie
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: marie
context 1: got the treatment from Dr. Marie Mailly in Paris ( after
context 2: an email address for Dr Marie Mailly in Paris , please
context 3: Any experience with Dr Marie Mailly ( France ) ?

term: vacations
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: vacation
context 1: my family , been to vacations where I 've also spent
context 2: … For example , on vacations . Do you guys have
context 3: to take me on any vacations because I knew I would

term: Soups
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: soup
context 1: oil / fried foods * Soups * Pizza * Gluten *
context 2: … especially bread products . Soups & pastas are the easiest
context 3: Not that bad though . Soups , overnight oats , and

term: communities
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: community
context 1: huge crossover in the two communities and the one I saw
context 2: these two being correlated across communities as they ’ve both been
context 3: and learn more about other communities

term: HOURS
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: hours
context 1: by water bottle . 20 HOURS POST - BOTOX : -
context 2: been making these gurgles for HOURS now , and every gurgle
context 3: first 2 symptoms last for HOURS after I eat , and

term: Amersfoort
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: amersfoort
context 1: Monday with dr Snelleman in Amersfoort ! Weird mix of excitement
context 2: ago by Dr. Snelleman in Amersfoort ( the Netherlands ) .
context 3: him in meander hospital in Amersfoort on Friday 15 October .

term: Gosh
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: gosh
context 1: just irritated and inflamed . Gosh , I hope I can
context 2: even can be done . Gosh , it ’s just simple
context 3: Gosh darn , I am so

term: Thx
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: thx
context 1: just one another symptom . Thx for your help
context 2: and that 's ok ? Thx for reading .
context 3: worsening ? Any advice appreciated Thx

term: bears
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: bear
context 1: ( once after eating gummy bears but never again after eating
context 2: never again after eating gummy bears ) . It ’s maybe
context 3: done ( i.e. eating gummy bears or testing your sugar manually

term: Manhattan
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: manhattan
context 1: at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan , NYC . I am
context 2: treatment with Dr. Pitman in Manhattan on 7/26 . I have
context 3: appoint with Dr. Pitman in Manhattan on Monday so I will

term: Barely
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: barely
context 1: slow swallowing last ? ( Barely able to eat solids .
context 2: flatulence . Day 4 : Barely any gurgling , same amount
context 3: procedure . Day 2 : Barely any burping , but lots

term: insisting
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: insist
context 1: burp because my mother keeps insisting that the gurgles * are
context 2: indigestion , however I kept insisting that they were n't helping
context 3: me . My doctors are insisting that it ’s a G.I.

term: EMDR
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: emdr
context 1: I 've tried CBT and EMDR before and neither worked well
context 2: movements . https://youtu.be/rbowIy6kONY I use EMDR in my therapy practice .
context 3: months ( somatic experiencing + EMDR ) , and about a

term: HR
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: hr
context 1: be if not even an HR later I had already burped
context 2: never fully inhale . My HR is also elevated both at
context 3: n’t know if a high HR and breathing problems are correlated

term: tapered
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: taper
context 1: strong burps , then they tapered off . This injection was
context 2: few weeks , it quickly tapered to a more reasonable amount
context 3: of same but slow swallow tapered off as burps got stronger

term: ingested
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: ingest
context 1: literally pure gas i just ingested and not methane or however
context 2: the amount of barium I ingested . Finally , I had
context 3: eg hospitals , to counteract ingested poison or overdoses because it

term: fastest
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: fast
context 1: a wall ) is the fastest way to alleviate bloating .
context 2: get the results forsure the fastest
context 3: seem to give me the fastest form of relief

term: guides
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: guide
context 1: That day i searched for guides on how to burp on
context 2: so i kept searching for guides and answers , kept trying
context 3: are good air - vomiting guides on here 🥲

term: charging
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: charge
context 1: increase in demand , and charging nearly twice the price .
context 2: Monday but the hospital is charging nearly 40 k . The
context 3: USA , and they 're charging me over $ 20,000 before

term: Physio
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: physio
context 1: And of course , Challenge Physio for their video on belly
context 2: you all existed ! Challenge Physio 's GERD video : [
context 3: Chiro / Natropath / Physio ???

term: EXTREMELY
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: extremely
context 1: uncomfortable per se , just EXTREMELY prevalent . )
context 2: now so this is becoming EXTREMELY inconvenient and frustrating . On
context 3: is that I am getting EXTREMELY hungry . I 'll get

term: Move
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: move
context 1: not allowed to help . Move your Adam 's apple (
context 2: 'll chew it up . Move it to the back of
context 3: thing that works is Smooth Move tea , however I just

term: upped
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: uppe
context 1: 6 months , I have upped my consumption of carbonated beverages
context 2: grabbed a Lacroix and really upped the stakes . When an
context 3: 95 % gone . I upped my seltzer consumption to 5

term: Units
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: unit
context 1: the botox injection ( 50 Units ) under anesthesia last friday
context 2: what I heard . 50 Units of Botox , no complications
context 3: people here . - 75 Units at Bastian Institute by Dr.

term: disregarded
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: disregard
context 1: twice ] , it was disregarded both times and I was
context 2: appointment going by with being disregarded and not listened to .
context 3: emetophobia , which he also disregarded . He ordered 3 different

term: sensitivities
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: sensitivity
context 1: my gurgles worse ? Food sensitivities ?
context 2: , I do n't have sensitivities anywhere else . A few
context 3: after eating , or food sensitivities ?

term: clicks
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: click
context 1: to side it kind of clicks and thunks to the side
context 2: my throat is full and clicks and crunches as I push
context 3: sound ... the slower those clicks , and the lower the

term: Non
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: non
context 1: general makes this easier ) Non stop practice . I do
context 2: stop thinking about it . Non stop . Tell everyone you
context 3: Hi ! Non burped all my life and

term: scarier
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: scary
context 1: or botox , which sounds scarier than this . Breathing out
context 2: , I just endured the scarier option ( scarier for me
context 3: endured the scarier option ( scarier for me - I would

term: Proper
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: proper
context 1: might need them . 1. Proper posture — I noticed that
context 2: Just wanted to say . Proper weird how we all have
context 3: massages - Heat therapy - Proper hydration and diet I think

term: slouching
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: slouching
context 1: sit up straight . No slouching . Right now , I
context 2: upper back pain and general slouching was gone ) . But
context 3: posture — I noticed that slouching down makes the gurgles way

term: ~~
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: ~
context 1: one of the ~~1 % ~~ 2 % . It turns
context 2: ~ 4 . I had ~~ some~~ a massive serving of
context 3: I can remember I always ~~ wanted to be a gangst

term: COMPLETELY
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: completely
context 1: referred to a nutritionist who COMPLETELY fobbed me off on the
context 2: R - CPD hiccups are COMPLETELY gone . It 's a
context 3: cases . My voice is COMPLETELY different now . Again ,

term: Night
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: night
context 1: mouth from anesthesia . ** Night of Day 0 * *
context 2: but still easily manageable . Night 5 : first time I
context 3: Night shift woes

term: stimulants
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: stimulant
context 1: are very different levels of stimulants but I was also prescribed
context 2: drink carbonated alcoholic beverages with stimulants like cocaine or adderall ,
context 3: or take dehydrating meds like stimulants , you really need to

term: IM
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: im
context 1: skipped meals was astronomical ...... IM SO EXCITED !!!! Okay .
context 2: IM 20 , ENGLISH , IN
context 3: BURPED OUT OF NOWHERE . IM SO HAPPY . THERE IS

term: Argentina
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: argentina
context 1: desperate , I 'm from Argentina and no doctor manages to
context 2: Nadie es de Argentina o América del sur ?
context 3: la situación que está la Argentina es imposible 😕

term: consisted
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: consist
context 1: . The first 5 minutes consisted of a lot of tugging
context 2: this month . My journey consisted in : perseverance + shaker
context 3: 3 to Day 7 then consisted of nuclear regurgitation , which

term: ingesting
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: ingest
context 1: more painful . I was ingesting so much gas , that
context 2: with the Botox WITHOUT intentionally ingesting fizzy beverages ?
context 3: think the extra saliva and ingesting extra air helps bring the

term: eyebrows
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: eyebrow
context 1: smile , then raise my eyebrows . I did n't ask
context 2: n't have spots between my eyebrows for the first time in
context 3: I instinctively flinch in my eyebrows like an “ OWW ”

term: families
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: family
context 1: the only ones in our families with it . Even some
context 2: !!! Doctors and friends and families would always look at me
context 3: with this condition running in families ? I ’ve noticed my

term: YT
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: yt
context 1: I somehow stumbled upon this YT video ( [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_P4K1tyAEHY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P4K1tyAEHY)) and
context 2: burping and have posted a YT vid with my full experience
context 3: exercises that I found on YT . And it worked !

term: apps
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: app
context 1: compiled a list of free apps that help with mental health
context 2: extensive . I love health apps and I use them to
context 3: dealbreaker because I believe health apps should be free if they

term: PCPs
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: pcp
context 1: , I walked into my PCPs office with Bastian 's article
context 2: luck . Met with many PCPs , treated for a few
context 3: brought it up to my PCPs as far back as year

term: esophaguses
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: esophaguse
context 1: further to look at your esophaguses . I kept gagging .
context 2: test of acidity in my esophaguses , a esophageal manometry ,
context 3: which the tech said my esophaguses and cricopharyngeus muscle were '

term: OB
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: ob
context 1: can not shake . My OB just chalks it up to
context 2: recover at night . My OB is aware that I have
context 3: this up at my next OB appointment , but also fully

term: pages
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: page
context 1: for all the information these pages have already provided and I
context 2: seen mentioned on medical advice pages for excessive flatulence . *
context 3: are any other social media pages for us non-burpers ( hate

term: Stage
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: stage
context 1: experience . &#x200B ; ** Stage 0 - 1 microburp /
context 2: CPD . &#x200B ; ** Stage 1 - 0 - 5
context 3: managed to move to " Stage 2 " and decided to

term: cooking
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: cooking
context 1: I ca n’t stop watching cooking videos for some reason .
context 2: cooks for me so sometimes cooking isnt an option although i
context 3: do n’t trust many peoples cooking so now I ’ve only

term: separated
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: separate
context 1: ENT - mum and dad separated , and mum signing form
context 2: 2nd opinion . Mum ( separated from dad ) also wants
context 3: eat twice a day , separated by maybe 7– 9 hours

term: patting
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: patting
context 1: Anyone else try the back patting ?
context 2: , pushing , inhaling , patting my left side , doing
context 3: does patting on the back work for

term: probs
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: prob
context 1: was less groggy and no probs swallowing . Friday though ,
context 2: ( I know there ’s probs nothing but may as well
context 3: noticed bringing up food is probs ruining my teeth .

term: Ghufoor
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: ghufoor
context 1: - CPD : Mr Khalid Ghufoor based privately in London and
context 2: conversation / consultation with Mr Ghufoor at One Welbeck Hospital and
context 3: Princess Grace Hospital with Mr Ghufoor for the surgery within 3

term: jours
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: jour
context 1: 4 jours après l’opération !
context 2: Me voici à mon 4eme jours après ma première injection de
context 3: de botox . Ces 4 jours ont été un peu douloureux

term: Swedish
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: swedish
context 1: persuasion and waiting in the Swedish health care system , been
context 2: is already being used in Swedish public healthcare to treat R
context 3: is recognized and treated in Swedish healthcare ( if not by

term: migrated
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: migrate
context 1: that my previous surgery had migrated into my chest and the
context 2: AT ALL ( suspect it migrated to back of my neck
context 3: in her forehead and it migrated , leaving one half of

term: Contact
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: contact
context 1: , \ ] country ** Contact **\- Phone :- Email :-
context 2: the inability to burp . Contact Lucy . Office@luxyhicklin.com to book
context 3: Location : Manchester , UK Contact - Phone : 0161 393

term: risking
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: risk
context 1: , if only to avoid risking the motion sickness I 've
context 2: accept my faith instead of risking a surgery for it ?
context 3: down for an hour after risking it on a carbonated drink

term: shops
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: shop
context 1: You can buy it in shops as a milk / yoghurt
context 2: a bunch of cafes and shops and stuff . I think
context 3: ca n’t get to the shops .

term: abdominals
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: abdominal
context 1: me . I clench my abdominals ( mainly the lower ones
context 2: the overuse of my upper abdominals for core stability , as
context 3: breath and keeping those upper abdominals sucked in most of the

term: pins
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: pin
context 1: are so violent they send pins and needles down my arm
context 2: I 'll bring some bobby pins to secure it to my
context 3: adhesion is scar tissue that pins your incision to other organs

term: presentations
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: presentation
context 1: a corporate office , make presentations , train other staff ,
context 2: I avoid doing things like presentations at work or anything because
context 3: a lot of seminars and presentations . If I can I

term: Flonase
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: flonase
context 1: to getting Botox ) with Flonase and another prescription spray that
context 2: I think someone mentioned that Flonase nasal spray helps . Is
context 3: The Flonase , assisted with the other

term: carbohydrates
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: carbohydrate
context 1: bacterial cultures . After cutting carbohydrates quite aggressively , I was
context 2: diet . FODMAPs are certain carbohydrates that can cause bloating and
context 3: , and in lieu of carbohydrates all the bacteria died off

term: glutes
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: glute
context 1: floor , parts of your glutes and more . I will
context 2: , abs , hips , glutes , thighs , knees and
context 3: a way that keeps the glutes suspended in the air )

term: Provide
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: provide
context 1: to Dr. Pittman 3 . Provide the $ I was charged
context 2: like you 've started . Provide all the research you can
context 3: no for an answer . Provide the paper if necessary ,

term: Depends
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: depend
context 1: Depends on the antacid and its
context 2: Depends on what the meal is
context 3: Depends on the specific doctor .

term: Elin
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: elin
context 1: done under anesthesia yesterday by Elin Marsk at Karolinska Huddinge .
context 2: done under anesthesia yesterday by Elin Marsk at karolinska Huddinge .
context 3: till öron näsa hals specifikt Elin marsk på Huddinge . ❤️

term: ’’
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: ''
context 1: the ‘ ‘ medical jadedness ’’ and even cynicism that so
context 2: them all so much . ’’ * \ [ [ ii
context 3: them all so much . ’’ > >\--- > > Sounds

term: iets
frequency: 11
lemmatized_to: iet
context 1: heb ontwikkeld waarin ik alleen iets kleins at als ik een
context 2: . En als dan na iets kleins eten dat gevoel weg
context 3: toch hopen dat er wel iets gaat gebeuren . Zie bij

term: Randomly
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: randomly
context 1: Randomly started feeling this pressure in
context 2: been having this issue . Randomly at times my throat becomes
context 3: Friday at 75 units . Randomly had one microburp yesterday and

term: Overgrowth
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: overgrowth
context 1: : Negative Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth : Negative H. Pylori :
context 2: I have Small Intestinal Bacteria Overgrowth . I know for a
context 3: for supposed Small Intestine Bacterial Overgrowth . Claims he has aerophagia

term: Updates
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: update
context 1: Updates from those who have had
context 2: 12 Month Bastian / botox Updates ?
context 3: any of your questions . Updates after procedure : The day

term: folds
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: fold
context 1: should feel like the vocal folds in the sides of your
context 2: nothing wrong with my vocal folds since I ’ve been having
context 3: fatigue as well . The folds in the intestine play a

term: GUYS
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: guy
context 1: . UNTIL I FOUND YOU GUYS . The only way I
context 2: GUYS . I remember throughout my
context 3: allllllllll insurance . DONT WAIT GUYS …… RUNNNNN …… and carbonated

term: Tips
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: tip
context 1: Tips and tricks ?
context 2: here : [ https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/whr5ec/progress\_after\_botox\_procedure\_on\_812022/](https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/whr5ec/progress_after_botox_procedure_on_812022/) # Tips / Lessons Learned : *
context 3: with it or tried ? Tips / suggestion welcome . I

term: Admittedly
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: admittedly
context 1: gas like had been . Admittedly in spite of the Botox
context 2: tongue depressors through Amazon . Admittedly , it is a bit
context 3: Admittedly I ’m very anxious ,

term: Hashimoto
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hashimoto
context 1: have from Celiac disease and Hashimoto 's hypothyroidism ! Did n't
context 2: the past . I have Hashimoto 's disease ( autoimmune )
context 3: issue and was diagnosed with Hashimoto ’s . My whole family

term: anticipating
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: anticipate
context 1: people . We were n't anticipating such a big response ,
context 2: . Though I 've been anticipating this for ages , my
context 3: started for me , but anticipating that to begin soon .

term: testimonials
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: testimonial
context 1: Dr. Bastian , and all testimonials here , have said ,
context 2: been reading all your useful testimonials and to be honest I
context 3: Honestly based on people 's testimonials on here , it sounds

term: Med
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: med
context 1: ( I use the Neil Med SinuRinse bottles ) and Mucinex
context 2: success with him . Yale Med also has an official R
context 3: the condition and 2022 Pub Med study ( PMID : 36619911

term: loosening
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: loosen
context 1: I think it is either loosening something up or there is
context 2: think maybe my sphincter is loosening &#x200B ; Please let me
context 3: to the Botox injection ( loosening the muscle to allow burping

term: exploding
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: explode
context 1: , even after feeling like exploding , I ran up my
context 2: the sound of projectile vomit exploding out between my fingers ,
context 3: feels like my belly is exploding and I just have to

term: Sucks
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: suck
context 1: forcefully puke up air . Sucks . But I 'm sure
context 2: Thank you for replying ! Sucks that you 're not over
context 3: You just ca n't . Sucks , but it 's true

term: Issues
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: issue
context 1: Possible Related Lung Issues
context 2: Issues with Cigna insurance coverage ?
context 3: potential of GERD vs. Heart Issues vs . Whatever else it

term: Cus
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: cus
context 1: stressed to see the schools Cus anxiety ) Now today /
context 2: dizzy . Quickly wiped myself Cus I felt like I was
context 3: next to the toilet ( Cus I thought if I tried

term: kills
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: kill
context 1: very small breakfast my stomach kills and my gurgles are out
context 2: strep right now and strep kills my throat I always get
context 3: hiccup . And it usually kills my hiccups .

term: Marshall
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: marshall
context 1: the same office as Dr Marshall Smith that has been mentioned
context 2: Dr. Marshall Smith in SLC
context 3: . The doctors name is Marshall Smith and there was also

term: paralyzes
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: paralyze
context 1: I have precarious motility that paralyzes at the slightest problem (
context 2: I understand the botox basically paralyzes the muscle to be always
context 3: Botox is that it basically paralyzes the muscle around the esophageal

term: Proton
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: proton
context 1: is treated with PPI ’s Proton Pump Inhibitors ( Prilosec ,
context 2: previous post - Now prescribed Proton Pump Inhibitors ...
context 3: . She has prescribed me Proton Pump Inhibitors for the next

term: Somewhat
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: somewhat
context 1: Somewhat solution ... possibly ? Idk
context 2: Somewhat disappointing trip to ENT specialist
context 3: energy to do so . Somewhat hoping that some of my

term: intervals
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: interval
context 1: lower dosages of somac in intervals throughout the last 15 years
context 2: microburps that happened at random intervals . It seemed that the
context 3: happens again ( but the intervals are getting shorter and shorter

term: beating
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: beat
context 1: that it was not worth beating myself up over . I
context 2: perfect sync with my heart beating and becomes louder if my
context 3: be on a path to beating rcpd and emetophobia . but

term: :’
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: ''
context 1: throat sensation , hypersalivating people :’ ) As this subreddit shows
context 2: fizzy drinks feels like torture :’ )
context 3: anyone have any advice ? :’ )

term: therapies
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: therapy
context 1: Are there any techniques or therapies that can be tried to
context 2: of the few scientifically validated therapies for R - CPD resolution
context 3: 've tried multiple approaches , therapies , hypno etc. to fix

term: resigned
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: resign
context 1: for years . I 'd resigned myself to being like this
context 2: was made , so I resigned myself to believing it was
context 3: kinda gave up and just resigned to believing that perhaps it

term: stared
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: stare
context 1: us just stopped everything and stared at me . I smiled
context 2: I was 14 , I stared always getting bad stomach pain
context 3: Sphincters ' function . I stared at it for hours and

term: sized
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: sized
context 1: nauseous after eating a normal sized meal ? My parents used
context 2: about 2 small / regular sized meals a day . I
context 3: 2 : Take a medium sized breath , and hold it

term: Indigestion
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: indigestion
context 1: But then it began ... Indigestion through the day , acid
context 2: slew of gastrointestinal problems . Indigestion and burning so bad I
context 3: , global events aside . Indigestion is cured . Burps are

term: HELL
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hell
context 1: i was pregnant it was HELL . When i threw up
context 2: first 6ish days were actually HELL , I ’m so glad
context 3: it could never GET THE HELL OUT OF THERE . Anyways

term: Experiment
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: experiment
context 1: Experiment
context 2: head to the left * Experiment with posture , twisting ,
context 3: gurgles occurred . 2 . Experiment with head and neck positions

term: stoned
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: ston
context 1: burping when they were really stoned . Anyway , this was
context 2: gassy but when I 'm stoned I can eat a whole
context 3: of able to burp when stoned . I have to make

term: Shortly
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: shortly
context 1: a pretty decent falsetto . Shortly after the surgery , I
context 2: took about 5 mins . Shortly after I was taken back
context 3: to tell her . * Shortly after breakfast , and another

term: teenagers
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: teenager
context 1: , with the majority being teenagers , which I thought was
context 2: Any teenagers getting the botox procedure ?
context 3: have n't seen too many teenagers write about their experience .

term: vomitting
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: vomitting
context 1: Get over your fear of vomitting !
context 2: had a serious fear of vomitting . Every experience has been
context 3: . This let me dread vomitting alot less . Another tip

term: Unable
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: unable
context 1: was like a balloon . Unable to burp , it was
context 2: ago i 'd say . Unable to drink anything with Carbonation
context 3: my symptoms are : * Unable to burp ( obvs )

term: viewed
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: view
context 1: such . I have always viewed these problems as symptom of
context 2: air too ( I always viewed my condition as a binary
context 3: if / how it was viewed at different times . A

term: transitioned
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: transition
context 1: method above and I 've transitioned from micro burps into some
context 2: ; my no burping problem transitioned into a horrible reflux all
context 3: 'm fortunate enough to have transitioned into the burping community after

term: operates
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: operate
context 1: procedure but since he primarily operates on the crycopharyngeal muscle I
context 2: it . Dr. B only operates on Thursdays , and with
context 3: the treatment for this disorder operates 15 minutes from my house

term: interfering
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: interfere
context 1: quickly that the Botox was interfering with my ability to laugh
context 2: have any experience with noburp interfering with magic mushrooms ? I
context 3: to do but it ’s interfering with my life for close

term: grabbing
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: grab
context 1: to stabilize my head by grabbing it and then trying to
context 2: neck ( immagine you 're grabbing your shirt 's neck ,
context 3: them prone to overeating / grabbing the quickest thing at times

term: aids
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: aid
context 1: I tried over the counter aids to relive trapped gas and
context 2: can think of with digestive aids / enzymes , beano ,
context 3: to the procedure so he aids no help . when explaining

term: Diagnosed
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: diagnose
context 1: Diagnosed and approved for surgery 😀
context 2: be GERD + IBS . Diagnosed with GERD ( which may
context 3: Diagnosed with r-cpd by Dr paddle

term: Noticed
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: notice
context 1: getting micro burps up . Noticed it was tougher to get
context 2: to expell air though . Noticed it felt more of an
context 3: worked for breakfast though . Noticed it being awkward to take

term: regretting
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: regret
context 1: I 'm unsure . Really regretting the fizzy drink . Stomach
context 2: I 've not sat there regretting drinking a fizzy drink to
context 3: my progress and certainly not regretting having the procedure . The

term: Breakfast
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: breakfast
context 1: bad . Day 4 : Breakfast needed a sip of coffee
context 2: me . Day 6 : Breakfast was n't as difficult to
context 3: next couple of days . Breakfast took forever to eat ,

term: breathes
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: breathe
context 1: a walk but taking deep breathes was hard work after a
context 2: an effort to take deeper breathes that this lessens the intensity
context 3: : chest pain and unsatisfying breathes during cardio , intense stomach

term: tucks
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: tuck
context 1: \- neck stretches \- chin tucks and head presses ( physiotherapy
context 2: discovered that these [ chin tucks against the wall ] (
context 3: the head turns , chin tucks , inhaling , relaxing and

term: Connecticut
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: connecticut
context 1: an ENT specialist here in Connecticut tomorrow to discuss R -
context 2: R - CPD Doctor in Connecticut ( USA ) !
context 3: procedure with Dr Lerner in Connecticut . Unfortunately , that fell

term: malnourished
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: malnourish
context 1: one point I was severely malnourished . I 've been diagnosed
context 2: is distended are we being malnourished ? I used to be
context 3: which caused me to be malnourished thus inhibiting my growth .

term: nauseas
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: nausea
context 1: think gas has made me nauseas on occasion . But here
context 2: and dehydrated , but not nauseas and I would eat and
context 3: . Almost everyday I get nauseas , and most of the

term: gains
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: gain
context 1: the botox did to maximize gains and minimize difficulties ?
context 2: important to understand that the gains will come and go .
context 3: ) . As someone who gains comfort from reading about similar

term: Simpson
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: simpson
context 1: sound like the Moe off Simpson ’s burp any more .
context 2: rather than e.g. a Homer Simpson belch C ) Something else
context 3: has never had a Homer Simpson quality giant burp . All

term: HARD
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hard
context 1: that the relief may be HARD EARNED for you and not
context 2: relaxed and do n't TRY HARD . This method only works
context 3: and I burped twice SO HARD , after burping all of

term: Request
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: request
context 1: Request AMA of someone who has
context 2: Request for Step - by -
context 3: for an NHS Individual Funding Request , while also [ writing

term: WORKED
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: worked
context 1: my primary goal and it WORKED so I 'm over the
context 2: about 3 weeks it ALSO WORKED FOR HER . It ’s
context 3: hungover this morning and it WORKED ! It helped me burp

term: SOME
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: some
context 1: I can at least release SOME pressure , i feel almost
context 2: the initial stages of having SOME control over , although I
context 3: ? - you can burp SOME of the time but not

term: discomforts
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: discomfort
context 1: of minor health problems and discomforts I 'd experienced ' til
context 2: relief when the no burp discomforts are particularly bad . However
context 3: cured me of all the discomforts caused by the inability to

term: normalized
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: normalize
context 1: quickly my beeping has been normalized through my broader social sphere
context 2: body ) , my burps normalized and became more controllable .
context 3: botox effect has kind of normalized now and it 's not

term: Drs.
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: drs.
context 1: - 800 people total . Drs. Bastian and Hoesli do most
context 2: The procedure was done by Drs. Snelleman here in the Netherlands
context 3: a bit less than what Drs. Bastian and Karagama are giving

term: climbing
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: climb
context 1: , bending , crawling , climbing , and talking . Neither
context 2: I feel like I 'm climbing one hell of a mountain
context 3: constant gurgling sound of gas climbing up to the throat ,

term: ID
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: id
context 1: also asking for forms of ID and for them to go
context 2: called me with no caller ID to cancel 2 days before
context 3: gave them my insurance & ID to scan , and they

term: POSSIBLE
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: possible
context 1: saying that it is ** POSSIBLE ** to burp on your
context 2: importantly , it is ** POSSIBLE ** . I understand for
context 3: know if it 's even POSSIBLE to have RCPD but also

term: fours
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: four
context 1: burp I get on all fours and dip my chest and
context 2: " , got on all fours , looking down at the
context 3: time to get on all fours and release tremendous amounts of

term: Spring
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: spring
context 1: procedure with Dr Broadhurst in Spring Hill Brisbane . Sent an
context 2: source : [ <UNK> * Spring Hill ( Brisbane ) ,
context 3: : Dr. Paul Paddle * Spring Hill ( Brisbane ) ,

term: Sneezing
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: sneez
context 1: Sneezing fits because of noBurp ?
context 2: a pop / gurgle ? Sneezing - when I sneeze it
context 3: my chest / rib ** Sneezing ** A. Sneezing reduces my

term: Sigh
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: sigh
context 1: more air or something ? Sigh if someone can explain this
context 2: - lunchtime bloat build . Sigh . I ca n't wait
context 3: condition that i have . Sigh , well remind me to

term: EMT
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: emt
context 1: n’t refer me to an EMT again . She said she
context 2: in an office setting using EMT guided injection , 50 units
context 3: day ( I am an EMT and I ’m concerned I

term: scouring
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: scour
context 1: many of you are currently scouring this subreddit in search for
context 2: week and I ’ve been scouring this community to get all
context 3: this . I 've been scouring the subreddit to try and

term: A&E
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: a&e
context 1: ’ve had to go to A&E with crushing chest pain ,
context 2: much of last year in A&E with stabbing chest pains and
context 3: to tears . Went to A&E at Royal Berks and the

term: Progress
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: progress
context 1: dysfunction . &#x200B ; ** Progress Updates :** &#x200B ; **
context 2: they were coming out . Progress . I also noticed that
context 3: burp you could imagine . Progress . I tried about six

term: Worried
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: worry
context 1: may need an endoscopy . Worried it will somehow reverse /
context 2: it was two fold . Worried about procedure but also worried
context 3: the usual drum skin . Worried last night ( Thursday )

term: Cool
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: cool
context 1: on your own ” . Cool thanks . I live in
context 2: a hospital for surgery . Cool . EXCEPT IT TRIPLES THE
context 3: n't burp on command . Cool subreddit .

term: Put
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: put
context 1: the first one being “ Put a finger down if you
context 2: to teach me . '' Put air into your mouth .
context 3: your chest . 5 . Put your chin to your chest

term: timelines
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: timeline
context 1: may differ from than European timelines ) . My main reasoning
context 2: on what to expect for timelines . I had my phone
context 3: what not to eat * timelines and time ranges for -

term: Bensoussan
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: bensoussan
context 1: quite close to Dr. Yael Bensoussan so I could probably get
context 2: have a referral to Dr Bensoussan in Tampa as well but
context 3: my Botox procedure with Dr. Bensoussan in Tampa . Just got

term: Working
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: work
context 1: I would imagine . - Working . Especially physical work .
context 2: be a main cause . Working out can sometimes also cause
context 3: off PPIs since December . Working with a nutritionist to try

term: Colon
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: colon
context 1: Colon stretched - anyone seen X-rays
context 2: x 2 Laparoscopy x 3 Colon Upper bioposy x 2 Colon
context 3: Colon Upper bioposy x 2 Colon Lower biopsy x 3 Bloods

term: EXCITED
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: excited
context 1: and the recovery ? SO EXCITED !!!!
context 2: mid-January and I am SO EXCITED !! Told my parents and
context 3: So yes , I was EXCITED about getting the Botox .

term: Tl
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: tl
context 1: or share your experience ! Tl ; dr botox works !
context 2: cooler drinking whiskey anyway ! Tl ; Dr : Wife and
context 3: portion that misses out . Tl ; dr , it did

term: AKA
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: a.k.a.
context 1: like a normal person ( AKA it 's involuntary , not
context 2: with forward head posture .. AKA tech neck / nerd neck
context 3: earlier gave me crico ” AKA “ That lemonade earlier has

term: PTO
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: pto
context 1: save myself a day of PTO .
context 2: , I do n’t have PTO bc I ’m a contract
context 3: I do n’t get much PTO . Should I request the

term: PET
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: pet
context 1: ) . Others who have PET also experience tinnitus . The
context 2: to find treatment for the PET but she basically told me
context 3: a lot of water . PET happens when there is decreased

term: infected
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: infect
context 1: need to pop or are infected causing hypersalivation and swallowed air
context 2: ensure it does n’t get infected , I can only consume
context 3: Anyone get infected with COVID either post -

term: fillers
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: filler
context 1: Burp life . I had fillers in my jaw line three
context 2: ca n't see how facial fillers can have anything to do
context 3: recently she had forehead frown fillers I think she said 10

term: lentils
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: lentil
context 1: / cereals and meat / lentils to make sure I get
context 2: my protein from beans and lentils . Anyways tried the medicine
context 3: have been avoiding things like lentils and chickpeas , drinking 2

term: Experience
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: experience
context 1: 5 - HTP Experience and Supplements for NoBurp ?
context 2: of trigger foods . ** Experience :** About a month ago
context 3: 4th Botox Experience

term: excruciating
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: excruciate
context 1: turn . I ’m experiencing excruciating trapped gas occasionally after eating
context 2: noises but this time with excruciating stomach pain . The pain
context 3: myself to eat but its excruciating . I 'm finding I

term: Keck
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: keck
context 1: Dr. O'Dell and the USC Keck nurses were all just really
context 2: found Dr Karla O'Dell at Keck in SoCal , and set
context 3: and Dr. Karla O'Dell with Keck Medicine have been a godsend

term: Wo
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: will
context 1: a more permanent solution . Wo n’t go into too much
context 2: before coming out ) . Wo n't the stomach acid eventually
context 3: noises and frequent flatulence . Wo n't go into detail about

term: informing
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: inform
context 1: And has anyone had luck informing their doctor of this condition
context 2: of consulting your gp and informing them about your problem and
context 3: - and noticed a comment informing " R - CPD "

term: Weight
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: weight
context 1: two possible factors : - Weight gain . I very skinny
context 2: Weight fluctuation .
context 3: Country : Not America . Weight : 0.0 . Note that

term: Brigham
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: brigham
context 1: consult with Dr. Carroll at Brigham & Women ’s in Boston
context 2: : Dr. Thomas Carroll at Brigham & Women 's Hospital -
context 3: : Dr. Thomas Carroll at Brigham & Women 's Hospital -

term: Women
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: woman
context 1: Dr. Carroll at Brigham & Women ’s in Boston , but
context 2: Thomas Carroll at Brigham & Women 's Hospital - source :
context 3: Thomas Carroll at Brigham & Women 's Hospital - source :

term: Thailand
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: thailand
context 1: Bangkok Doctor for nonburpers around Thailand
context 2: doctor here in Bangkok , Thailand ? Please share . Sad
context 3: 17 years old , in Thailand , and I 'm going

term: Strange
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: strange
context 1: similar experience to me . Strange community to be in because
context 2: but that 's it . Strange thing is though I 've
context 3: I ’d be fine . Strange as I ’ve been in

term: refreshing
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: refresh
context 1: burped on purpose ! How refreshing to learn I am not
context 2: EXPERIENCE ! it was so refreshing man , he told me
context 3: And it 's been so refreshing knowing what 's actually going

term: behaviors
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: behavior
context 1: and I started using anorexic behaviors when I was six years
context 2: gurgles are often triggered by behaviors that appear to be uncommon
context 3: eating disorder yet but my behaviors interfere with my life everyday

term: craning
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: crane
context 1: head turn to left , craning neck forward , doing scooping
context 2: some of the time is craning my neck down - this
context 3: . Start out with that craning neck method to see if

term: publications
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: publication
context 1: Karagama 's ( UK ) publications on RCPD , UK ENT
context 2: However , having read the publications , watched some of Bastian
context 3: also in Bastian videos , publications and the surgeon said I

term: Somebody
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: somebody
context 1: the natural ones too . Somebody make it stop please !
context 2: and my stomach hurts . Somebody please just help me figure
context 3: n't make you gag . Somebody with a better command of

term: Seth
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: seth
context 1: done under GA with Dr. Seth Kaplan ( Lenox Hill Hospital
context 2: Hi Everyone , Dr. Seth Kaplan here . Truthfully ,
context 3: burping in the future ! Seth

term: Kaplan
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: kaplan
context 1: under GA with Dr. Seth Kaplan ( Lenox Hill Hospital )
context 2: Hill Hospital ) . Dr. Kaplan told me that it went
context 3: highly recommend going to Dr. Kaplan . To all the previous

term: Bowel
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: bowel
context 1: ’ 3 . ⁠‘ Large Bowel mucosa with No significant histological
context 2: Less flatulence and bloating . Bowel movements have improved … 11
context 3: Colonoscopy ( 2017 ) Small Bowel MRI ( 2023 ) Abdominal

term: pilates
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: pilate
context 1: called facial yoga / face pilates . Basically , I would
context 2: ( burpees , planks , pilates , downward dog , etc
context 3: , Body Combat ) and pilates . Depending on my work

term: Twice
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: twice
context 1: i stayed standing up . Twice , i did my inhale
context 2: could n't get up . Twice . After the first time
context 3: each sound 3 times . Twice a day . 4 .

term: chocking
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: chock
context 1: still feel like I ’m chocking on phlegm or something .
context 2: people say your not really chocking and I agree , EXCEPT
context 3: ( as if I was chocking myself , but not hard

term: gummies
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: gummie
context 1: regularly take Delta 9 THC gummies for sleep or recreation ,
context 2: ( I took magnesium citrate gummies 250 mg for this )
context 3: using CBD products such as gummies may effect this issue or

term: dining
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: dine
context 1: to lie down . When dining out I will excuse myself
context 2: to lie down . When dining out I will excuse myself
context 3: to discover the pleasure of dining out . My upper GI

term: Pennsylvania
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: pennsylvania
context 1: Jefferson Health in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Was under general anesthesia
context 2: researcher at the University of Pennsylvania and Penn State College of
context 3: comment below * Philadelphia , Pennsylvania : Dr. Joseph Spiegel -

term: burgers
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: burger
context 1: all sorts of food ; burgers , hot dogs , steak
context 2: bites of things , especially burgers and stuff . Like the
context 3: greasy / heavy foods like burgers , etc. and after certain

term: researchers
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: researcher
context 1: overlooked by traditional eating disorder researchers . One of my interests
context 2: Your valuable input will help researchers better understand and treat chronic
context 3: Your valuable input will help researchers better understand and treat chronic

term: interests
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: interest
context 1: researchers . One of my interests is in how GI sensations
context 2: if they have any special interests and if they had published
context 3: people about their passions , interests , and weird thoughts .

term: outs
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: out
context 1: Any suggestions on some print outs a can bring along with
context 2: 18 - think minor black outs a few times a week
context 3: to survive my university night outs with friends by drinking vodka

term: lowers
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: lower
context 1: = hiccups ) , that lowers the diaphragm while opening first
context 2: the chest and then just lowers it back for 15 repetitions
context 3: you feel like your stomach lowers after you eat and do

term: prompted
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: prompt
context 1: too and that 's what prompted me to take action .
context 2: . This was of course prompted by this forum and Dr.
context 3: infrequently and they were usually prompted by a big meal or

term: lied
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: lie
context 1: of the crowd . I lied down to get some relief
context 2: throat , and when I lied down on my left I
context 3: the nurses office and just lied down . Nurses thought I

term: courses
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: course
context 1: cramps . I failed 2 courses solely because of not showing
context 2: between the dinner and dessert courses when I started uncontrollably burping
context 3: I am doing some acting courses right now so i would

term: breads
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: bread
context 1: For example , do airy breads cause more severe symptoms since
context 2: to enjoy carbonated beverages or breads like ever again . But
context 3: confectionary * Cake * Dense breads * Fried food / breading

term: poking
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: poke
context 1: 'm going to carry on poking and rubbing my throat and
context 2: Air vomit without poking throat
context 3: walked around with my thumb poking into the upper abdomen ,

term: RELAX
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: relax
context 1: need . We want to RELAX the muscle , not exercise
context 2: trying to swallow it . RELAX YOUR THROAT AND BREATHE and
context 3: YOU NEED TO TRY TO RELAX . This is where you

term: toxins
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: toxin
context 1: plus £ 150 for the toxins so only £ 800 total
context 2: they will die and release toxins . And then you can
context 3: clean your bowel from the toxins . When that s over

term: Israel
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: israel
context 1: by Dr. Teng at Beth Israel in Boston . She used
context 2: No Burper in Israel
context 3: know of any Doctors in Israel who are aware of this

term: Figure
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: figure
context 1: get a colon cleanse . Figure if I get it all
context 2: hours later took ibuprofen . Figure I might as well just
context 3: UPDATE - DAY 11 : Figure I have about 65 %

term: properties
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: property
context 1: considered to have muscle relaxant properties and i think that it
context 2: Aid** : Chamomile has carminative properties that help reduce bloating and
context 3: to have some muscle relaxant properties and i never realized before

term: SoCal
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: socal
context 1: Karla O'Dell at Keck in SoCal , and set up an
context 2: But if anyone else in SoCal has any local recs I
context 3: ENT in SoCal ?

term: Moving
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: move
context 1: peanut butter ? 2 ) Moving away from 3 meals a
context 2: having to do this ! Moving head side to side which
context 3: that as being covered . Moving on - I gave the

term: Consult
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: consult
context 1: their lack of burping . Consult with an orthodontist and /
context 2: Initial Consult with Dr. Jun Lin in
context 3: Consult : I had my consult

term: sales
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: sale
context 1: meetings as I am in sales ) . My husband has
context 2: was more so like a sales pitch . Trying to sell
context 3: I ca n’t do my sales job . This is freaking

term: Austin
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: austin
context 1: ? I will begin researching Austin , TX Doctors today .
context 2: experience with Dr. Whited in Austin , TX
context 3: to Dr. Chad Whited at Austin ENT Clinic . i had

term: Disease
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: disease
context 1: acid reflux or Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease ( GERD ) , BUT
context 2: Anybody here with Hirschsprungs Disease / chronic constipation , or
context 3: for a disease called Hirschsprung Disease . If he has it

term: irritating
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: irritating
context 1: it or will that be irritating or make it worse ?
context 2: my throat rather than just irritating my esophagus . I 've
context 3: have any severe or particularly irritating secondary symptoms . That changed

term: administering
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: administer
context 1: for a Doctor to consider administering Botox ? Like for example
context 2: “ For subjects self - administering antacids for episodic heartburn ,
context 3: injection to wear off before administering a second dose . However

term: enjoys
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: enjoy
context 1: I am sure no one enjoys vomiting , it 's not
context 2: ’ve seen , the patient enjoys singing . I have been
context 3: . But obviously no one enjoys watching me gag in the

term: cancellations
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: cancellation
context 1: few opportunities for short notice cancellations due to fear . But
context 2: I was flexible if any cancellations happened to come up and
context 3: NHS hospital . After several cancellations I finally had my appointment

term: sprouts
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: sprout
context 1: things , for example Brussels sprouts , makes me gassy for
context 2: extra eating etc ( especially sprouts , decided not to eat
context 3: small plate of roasted brussel sprouts , a pair of poptarts

term: hobbies
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hobby
context 1: about one of my new hobbies which is drinking caffeinated tea
context 2: out , taking trips , hobbies , etc. ) ? I
context 3: and have time for my hobbies , I go for walks

term: situps
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: situp
context 1: a lot of exercises including situps , and also particularly exercises
context 2: the side - neck - situps and the stretch ( BOTH
context 3: each side for the neck situps then about 30 seconds of

term: AZ
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: az
context 1: had the shot in Phoenix AZ with Dr. Sugumaran . It
context 2: Dr Sugamaran in Phoenix , AZ performed this procedure for me
context 3: Belgium . I emailed both AZ Delta in Belgium , and

term: Black
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: black
context 1: White And Black girls for sex here ..qZ_8N7a_tT_3_5Q
context 2: trigger ? 1 b . Black tea : i put this
context 3: ate last coming up . Black tea also triggers this effect

term: Laryngoscopy
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: laryngoscopy
context 1: Transoral Diagnostic Brush and Dx Laryngoscopy Excl Nb , $ 37,946
context 2: Nb , $ 37,946 for Laryngoscopy Direct Inj Vocal Cord ,
context 3: but my office visit and Laryngoscopy Flx / Rgd Telescopic W

term: 10,000
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: 10000
context 1: rare “ only 1 in 10,000 people have it . ”
context 2: to $ 1000 , $ 10,000 , or $ 100,000 .
context 3: taken seriously . I need 10,000 signatures for it to reach

term: MASSIVE
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: massive
context 1: and let out a fucking MASSIVE burp . My gf ,
context 2: more effective ( gave me MASSIVE burps ) because it ’s
context 3: So I have always had MASSIVE anxiety and emetophobia surrounding v*

term: UTI
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: uti
context 1: but I think had a UTI at the time which I
context 2: taking antibiotics for a suspected UTI , multiple naturopathic supplements ,
context 3: take an antibiotic for a UTI . It was n’t the

term: mortified
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: mortify
context 1: hell . My wife was mortified . I avoided making eye
context 2: the porto - potties , mortified that I was going to
context 3: I look pregnant " and mortified mom was relieved . Then

term: males
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: male
context 1: or if it ’s primarily males or females that get this
context 2: especially in need of more males to complete this survey \***
context 3: especially in need of more males to complete this survey \***

term: flared
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: flare
context 1: got worse when my IBS flared up , which is intrinsically
context 2: post Botox and I ’ve flared up worse than ever ,
context 3: when I went inside and flared back up when I went

term: aligned
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: align
context 1: over my symptoms . Everything aligned with patients he had seen
context 2: did it after I physically aligned her fist with the right
context 3: I turned my head and aligned it with my shoulder ,

term: waisted
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: waist
context 1: I usually wear high - waisted pants to work and get
context 2: , and wearing high - waisted jeans is really not a
context 3: . * Belts and high waisted clothes fit differently throughout the

term: Brazilian
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: brazilian
context 1: Summary : - Happened during Brazilian Jiu Jitsu guillotines ( head
context 2: para todos nós !!! :) Brazilian folks ! Finally someone went
context 3: Helo ! I am a Brazilian mother and I have a

term: hangovers
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hangover
context 1: hangover in the history of hangovers . My no -burp comes
context 2: of them recommended alka for hangovers . Within 60 seconds i
context 3: I do n’t mean the hangovers that come from suddenly being

term: Lay
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: lay
context 1: extreme discomfort . Then I Lay down on the examining table
context 2: work out . 7 . Lay down before you head out
context 3: , Eat something acidic , Lay down , Stay sedentary too

term: failures
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: failure
context 1: has shared their successes and failures to build a better knowledge
context 2: there other ‘ 1st dose failures ’ out there ? And
context 3: 10 - 20 % of failures make up such a small

term: Monterrey
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: monterrey
context 1: how few there are ( Monterrey , and Mexico City )
context 2: know of any doctor in Monterrey that had done this ?
context 3: is a Laryngologist , in Monterrey México and he did a

term: Similarly
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: similarly
context 1: not taking this seriously ? Similarly , I live in Chicago
context 2: easily be a coincidence . Similarly , my diet got a
context 3: the ambient pressure decreases . Similarly , the compressed air held

term: Problems
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: problem
context 1: good care of myself . Problems were persistent when eating but
context 2: extreme flatulence ; 2 . Problems with bad condition , breathing
context 3: back at one time . Problems with dizziness , shakiness /

term: Santosh
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: santosh
context 1: ** at SVAS ** Dr Santosh Sanagapalli ** ( actually a
context 2: I ’m going through Dr Santosh Sanagapalli in Sydney . Him
context 3: waiting for Botox with Dr Santosh Sanagapalli and I wanted to

term: grains
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: grain
context 1: if it contained wheat / grains , milk or a lot
context 2: ! I took a few grains out of the pill every
context 3: , nuts and seeds , grains , nightshades ( like tomatoes

term: dawned
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: dawn
context 1: goes away . It has dawned on me that this is
context 2: with R - CPD it dawned on me what was going
context 3: entire life . It just dawned on me that these things

term: grapes
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: grape
context 1: I ate 3 trays of grapes , drunk grape juice ,
context 2: feeling today ( raisins and grapes I 've learned will set
context 3: bites . I ate some grapes and a couple of crackers

term: Sticking
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: stick
context 1: tea ? Gas pills ? Sticking my ass in the air
context 2: audible . So loud . Sticking with The Last of Us
context 3: free of abdominal discomfort . Sticking with this was a roller

term: TL
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: tl
context 1: [ TL ;DR ] I have a
context 2: has been a nightmare . TL , DR ; which foods
context 3: This will be long . TL ;DR ; at the end

term: workers
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: worker
context 1: I 'm sure my co workers are wondering what 's going
context 2: at work with my co workers because I do n’t want
context 3: EMBARRASSED !!!! Tell your co workers that you frequently work with

term: organized
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: organize
context 1: , Dr Hu and I organized a 2nd procedure in August
context 2: Once on the table and organized , the anesthesiologist knocked me
context 3: recently gotten the procedure , organized by geographical region ? I

term: sections
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: section
context 1: has 1 or 2 gland sections that never close all the
context 2: above - my - ass sections . It has a makes
context 3: ribs - rattling - together sections too which I 'm not

term: testimonies
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: testimony
context 1: Most of the testimonies here are for people who
context 2: y’all ) is filled with testimonies ( which are biased )
context 3: little discomfort compared to some testimonies on this sub . Other

term: discusses
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: discuss
context 1: R - CPD . It discusses the reddit thread , condition
context 2: Bastian voice Institute , which discusses it in a number of
context 3: if that ’s something she discusses with you ? I ’m

term: Dysport
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: dysport
context 1: what I use now called Dysport . So I call him
context 2: he used , he used Dysport 300EH . I have read
context 3: . I have read that Dysport is n’t as strong as

term: stimulating
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: stimulate
context 1: eecommend carbonated drinks to keep stimulating this ? 2 . Any
context 2: , with this maneuver , stimulating my vomit , I was
context 3: you had any luck with stimulating the vagus nerve and noburp

term: Bingcang
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: bingcang
context 1: injection procedure today with Dr. Bingcang in the Omaha , NE
context 2: the procedure done with Dr. Bingcang in Omaha , NE .
context 3: . That specialist is Dr. Bingcang . On the day of

term: reassuring
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: reassuring
context 1: my questions and was incredibly reassuring . Today was the surgery
context 2: and physically which is so reassuring . Recently I ’ve been
context 3: She was lovely and really reassuring as I was quite nervous

term: fibers
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: fiber
context 1: his rectum lacks the nerve fibers to properly relax and open
context 2: on nortriptyline to relax nerve fibers . Has anyone else been
context 3: and have a movement ( fibers helped with that a lot

term: HATE
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hate
context 1: horribly afraid that I 'll HATE burping and that frequent burps
context 2: I ’m very squeamish and HATE needles and would be sh*tting
context 3: because for 1 , I HATE throwing up . Considering I

term: DOCTORS
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: doctorr
context 1: HELP MEE MY DOCTORS APPT IS TMW !!
context 2: AND AFTER SUFFERING , FIGHTING DOCTORS AND WAITING FOR 4 YEARS
context 3: healthcare provider . WHY DO DOCTORS SUCK SO BAD ???? Did

term: Lieve
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: lieve
context 1: - CPD procedure with Dr Lieve Delsupehe at the Az Delta
context 2: Belgium --- Roeselare : Dr. Lieve Delsupehe - source : u/IndieHacker1989
context 3: Belgium --- Roeselare : Dr. Lieve Delsupehe * Germany --- Hamburg

term: ridiculed
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: ridicule
context 1: issue that I have been ridiculed about for most of my
context 2: . This was tolerated but ridiculed by my friends and partner
context 3: I was being dismissed and ridiculed for suggesting this was the

term: Turned
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: turn
context 1: whole bunch of oysters . Turned out , the oysters were
context 2: know it 's indigestion , Turned 23 last year so i
context 3: deemed as an emergency . Turned out it was n't JUST

term: TIF
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: tif
context 1: Can burp sometimes after TIF surgery
context 2: I had a TIF procedure for reflux related issues
context 3: Anyone have fundoplication or TIF before Botox treatment ?

term: Spoke
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: speak
context 1: Hi all , Spoke to a specialist and next
context 2: experiencing insane acid reflux . Spoke to my GP , therapist
context 3: was shallow and laboured . Spoke to my ENT ( Karagama

term: repressed
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: repress
context 1: " throw out " these repressed emotions , or to work
context 2: to square 1 of a repressed / dysfunctional circopharangyeal muscle ..
context 3: not to burp and I repressed it ever since . Can

term: Ibuprofen
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: ibuprofen
context 1: nurse friend confirmed this ) Ibuprofen can work topically , and
context 2: my throat as well . Ibuprofen helped with the sore throat
context 3: easily managed with Tylenol and Ibuprofen . 1 micro burp .

term: coats
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: coat
context 1: of like cough syrup and coats the throat , so I
context 2: other medications , but it coats your entire GI tract .
context 3: , I think because it coats my throat and the slow

term: welcomed
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: welcome
context 1: Botox right away would be welcomed . Happy Thanksgiving everyone !
context 2: fine too . Any insight welcomed ! Thanks
context 3: . Any advice or reassurance welcomed as I ’m just so

term: Associated
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: associated
context 1: * Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated with Streptococcal Infections * which
context 2: ML. Inability to Belch and Associated Symptoms Due to Retrograde Cricopharyngeus
context 3: ML. Inability to Belch and Associated Symptoms Due to Retrograde Cricopharyngeus

term: Scared
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: scare
context 1: that turned into regurgitation . Scared the crap out of me
context 2: Scared of post - Botox embarassment
context 3: Scared that Botox could ruin me

term: PCA
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: pca
context 1: crico - arytenoid muscle ( PCA ) . This is a
context 2: not in or near the PCA muscle , the patient is
context 3: sniff . This activates the PCA muscle , if I am

term: OTO
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: oto
context 1: : Diagnosis and Treatment . OTO Open . 2019;3(1):2473974X19834553 . Published
context 2: Treat Retrograde Cricopharyngeus Dysfunction . OTO Open. 2020 Jun 29;4(2):2473974X20938342. doi
context 3: of Retrograde Cricopharyngeal Dysfunction . OTO Open. 2020;4(2):2473974X20917644 . Published 2020

term: cheers
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: cheer
context 1: dry - heaving to the cheers and well - wishes of
context 2: victory , and each receives cheers from all my friends who
context 3: right now ! Anyway , cheers to day one and wishing

term: Cough
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: cough
context 1: The Cough - Hiccup - Burp Trifecta
context 2: side of my neck , Cough , Exhale etc ........... I
context 3: covid . December 2022 - Cough finally disappeared after the use

term: investigated
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: investigate
context 1: Croakers : Anyone ever investigated the possibility of a Schatzki
context 2: NHS investigated
context 3: to ask for to be investigated as no one here thinks

term: Anyhow
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: anyhow
context 1: sensation it is btw . Anyhow this is your motivation to
context 2: more of a difference . Anyhow , thoughts on what he
context 3: laying down after eating . Anyhow , I ’m frustrated the

term: gathering
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: gathering
context 1: , or any type of gathering because of my horrible gas
context 2: flatulence , or the pressure gathering in my esophagus . Unfortunately
context 3: the best place for information gathering right now . Thank you

term: Regular
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: regular
context 1: lot of abdominal pain . Regular inexplicable , loud , uncontrollable
context 2: loud , uncontrollable gurgling . Regular feelings of nausea and abdominal
context 3: have , trouble burping . Regular plain CPD is trouble swallowing

term: Orlando
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: orlando
context 1: with Dr Jeffrey Lehman in Orlando , FL ?
context 2: injection with Dr. Lehman in Orlando . Had a wonderful experience
context 3: Botox no Anastasia Dr Lehman Orlando FL

term: Debry
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: debry
context 1: an initial consultation with Dr. Debry in Strasbourg ) . Dr.
context 2: another noburper posted about Professor Debry , so I took a
context 3: à Strasbourg , Dr. Christian Debry . Est - ce que

term: Mac
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: mac
context 1: things or pasta hurt . Mac and cheese and chicken noodle
context 2: sore so I only had Mac and cheese since it was
context 3: able to eat chili , Mac n cheese , and some

term: NZ
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: nz
context 1: not sure any doctors in NZ do the operation and I
context 2: my multiple GP ’s in NZ over the years , but
context 3: 28 year old guy from NZ . I lost the ability

term: wings
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: wing
context 1: * Spicy foods , Buffalo wings * Grease / oil /
context 2: beer , cheese curds , wings , blue cheese , and
context 3: Sports Rock pub after 8 wings , fries and root beer

term: Avoiding
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: avoid
context 1: * Rubbing my stomach * Avoiding aggressors like carbonated drinks *
context 2: an option : * ** Avoiding fake sugar :** Soda bubbles
context 3: that we can reference . Avoiding anecdote is n't possible or

term: basics
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: basic
context 1: introductions and going over the basics , Dr. B sprayed a
context 2: . Anyway he said the basics then said he would see
context 3: , re-learning to do the basics like swallowing water and eating

term: II
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: ii
context 1: Burpday - Part II
context 2: ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/lrm7ej/burpday_part_i/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) \- [ Part II ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/ls7hfw/burpday_part_ii/) Day 3
context 3: of this , likely . II . The progression is this

term: Adderall
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: adderall
context 1: get this ?! I take Adderall XR . Usually a few
context 2: recently got a prescription for Adderall , which has fixed one
context 3: with no fail after taking Adderall . It makes me super

term: impressions
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: impression
context 1: to do Rick and Morty impressions and they always have that
context 2: 3 days post botox impressions - it 's working !
context 3: about it . ) First impressions , he seemed nice enough

term: objects
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: object
context 1: reflex but not using any objects or fingers etc in my
context 2: neck positions , using different objects to depress the tongue in
context 3: also leaning on lots of objects beforehand which may have had

term: mocked
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: mock
context 1: time I failed I got mocked by my brother and mother
context 2: often get pointed out and mocked by friends so I ca
context 3: being dismissed , or even mocked , by their doctors who

term: Garden
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: garden
context 1: Italian Rum Punch at Olive Garden - 1/4 bowl of side
context 2: of side soup at Olive Garden - 1 & 1/2 breadsticks
context 3: 1 & 1/2 breadsticks Olive Garden - 1/2 plate of chicken

term: shivering
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: shiver
context 1: end I was nauseous , shivering , in pain from the
context 2: in , and laid there shivering on the bathroom floor hoping
context 3: extra blanket because I was shivering . Probably more from fear

term: fitted
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: fit
context 1: of jeans today and a fitted tank top and already had
context 2: wo n’t feel like anything fitted is suffocating me and that
context 3: Gastroenterologist has also fitted Him with a nasal gastric

term: Leaning
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: lean
context 1: something gets stuck ) . Leaning forward on a high table
context 2: ate antacids like candy . Leaning down or bending over made
context 3: one side helps too . Leaning forward and bending over is

term: ABC
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: abc
context 1: ’ve learned to burp the ABC ’s - or even words
context 2: I ca n’t burp the ABC ’s and I ca n’t
context 3: ABC Australia - No Burp stories

term: Rafferty
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: rafferty
context 1: in Ireland from Mr Mark Rafferty in St Vincent ’s private
context 2: tomorrow ! - GA DR. Rafferty , Ireland
context 3: units under GA with Mark Rafferty in Dublin . Any advice

term: Ted
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: ted
context 1: you for coming to my Ted Talk
context 2: you for coming to my Ted talk .
context 3: , there my frog named Ted ; that lives in my

term: HSA
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hsa
context 1: start saving up . Can HSA money be used for this
context 2: insurance involved . I have HSA plan , so I 'm
context 3: Has anyone paid using an HSA and what did that process

term: twins
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: twin
context 1: has effected other sets of twins so I ’m happy the
context 2: permanent resolution . Any other twins suffering from RCPD ?
context 3: makes me look pregnant with twins . How had this effected

term: Way
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: way
context 1: ripped SO much ass . Way more than normal , however
context 2: and it still worked . Way less protocol in the middle
context 3: was very very cool ! Way better than I expected .

term: HCL
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hcl
context 1: ago i started taking Betain HCL and it gets better for
context 2: and Dr 's best Betaine HCL w/ pepsin ** with each
context 3: read up on supplementing with HCL . http://au.m.iherb.com/Now-Foods-Super-Enzymes-180-Capsules/857 http://au.m.iherb.com/Doctor-s-Best-Betaine-HCL-Pepsin-Gentian-Bitters-120-Capsules/7353 UPDATE 3/08

term: scientists
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: scientist
context 1: of other medical areas , scientists etc . I would like
context 2: this . Maybe our super scientists can figure out how to
context 3: click images now google 1001 scientists agree there 's no climate

term: Putting
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: put
context 1: , and I 'll be Putting my diaphram on the beat
context 2: Putting food in a blender /
context 3: waste their time on . Putting a brief explanation of what

term: stores
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: store
context 1: get why random people in stores or restaurants always think I
context 2: be found at Brazilian grocery stores or Publix ! ) and
context 3: 've stood in pet supply stores staring at the tubing for

term: skewed
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: skew
context 1: the results seem a bit skewed sometimes . The Botox gives
context 2: the one thing that is skewed about this group is people
context 3: The UK may just be skewed because they do n’t have

term: Individual
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: individual
context 1: you are done ! ** Individual responses will be anonymous and
context 2: build evidence for an NHS Individual Funding Request , while also
context 3: you are done ! ** Individual responses will be ** ***

term: Bc
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: esophagus and stomach ) . Bc of this , she referred
context 2: get through these shifts . Bc I ’m just miserable 😭😭
context 3: have to live with it Bc no one knew what I

term: dreamed
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: dream
context 1: For years , I 've dreamed of wearing nice clothes and
context 2: ? JEEZ I ’ve always dreamed about having people to talk
context 3: was a kid I ’ve dreamed of having an inner tube

term: AI
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: ai
context 1: . I ’ve been using AI on my phone to talk
context 2: symptoms with the help of AI . Question : do we
context 3: tea . I asked Meta AI why chamomile had this effect

term: AL
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: al
context 1: 48 , in Birmingham , AL , suffered of course all
context 2: Kirklin Clinic in Birmingham , AL today and I am scheduled
context 3: Dr. Withrow in Birmingham , AL and he scheduled me for

term: Fink
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: fink
context 1: my procedure done with Dr. Fink . I got in the
context 2: through every step . Dr. Fink stopped by before to chat
context 3: Consult w/ Dr. Fink - Denver

term: Downer
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: downer
context 1: rental car and headed for Downer 's Grove . First stop
context 2: decided to drive back to Downer 's Grove to be ready
context 3: that traffic to and from Downer 's Grove ( where the

term: theorized
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: theorize
context 1: oesophagus was inflamed . He theorized that my UES was overcompensating
context 2: something , which I 've theorized is why I possibly cant
context 3: Yes , Dr. Bastien has theorized that it is very harmful

term: cramping
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: cramping
context 1: noise accompanied with intense stomach cramping ( it really feels like
context 2: of too - full , cramping feeling . I have a
context 3: air stuck in throat / cramping while running have slowly gotten

term: leaks
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: leak
context 1: my muscles and air like leaks out so I guess I
context 2: comes out but more like leaks out . If I move
context 3: it ’s like the air leaks out slowly . Not at

term: Columbus
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: columbus
context 1: * Dr Bard DeSilva ( Columbus , OH ) * Dr
context 2: twice from Dr. DeSilva in Columbus , OH . Both times
context 3: find a doctor in the Columbus area ( but will go

term: Gastroparesis
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: gastroparesis
context 1: I believe typically those with Gastroparesis do already have the ability
context 2: think is true ) and Gastroparesis . I know that I
context 3: told me the GERD and Gastroparesis are both part of the

term: wiggling
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: wiggle
context 1: bit of air ( after wiggling my neck around and forcing
context 2: the couch just kind of wiggling my abdomen and chilling out
context 3: back of my throat and wiggling it is enough to make

term: errors
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: error
context 1: so please forgive my grammar errors . Here 's my story
context 2: so if you spot any errors or have suggestions , feel
context 3: and probably full of grammatical errors but here goes ! **

term: highlighting
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: highlight
context 1: I know many owe for highlighting this on TikTok to the
context 2: Dr Bastian 's research , highlighting similar treatments that are treated
context 3: am of this community for highlighting this issue over the years

term: Walking
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: walk
context 1: I do n't know . Walking around helps the food go
context 2: of the zombies in the Walking Dead ( I have n't
context 3: of a better term . Walking around more and having my

term: Assuming
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: assume
context 1: it is n't helping . Assuming this is related to this
context 2: in my 50’s ? . Assuming all the other symptoms are
context 3: swallowing / stretching exercises . Assuming it eases off as you

term: Lucky
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: lucky
context 1: for 12 hour shifts . Lucky if I get water breaks
context 2: Saw Lucky Hicklin this morning at 11:00
context 3: it goes for you ! Lucky 😁

term: thanked
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: thank
context 1: it was interesting , and thanked me for bringing this article
context 2: apologetic for the delay and thanked me several times for my
context 3: When me and my mom thanked him , he thanked us

term: GO
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: go
context 1: a few times haha . GO AND GET THE FUCKING BOTOX
context 2: made my acid reflux completely GO AWAY !!!!!!! ( if I
context 3: step of the way . GO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT TO GET

term: Single
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: single
context 1: insane amount of gas . Single people who are dating with
context 2: stomach gets bloated every . Single . Day . For the
context 3: a New Motility Disorder : Single Center Case Series and Treatment

term: waistbands
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: waistband
context 1: waist or stomach , like waistbands ?
context 2: always hated high / tight waistbands and also turtle necks or
context 3: sized up all of my waistbands because I needed so much

term: Salford
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: salford
context 1: try and get referred to Salford but they said they ca
context 2: Specialist in Salford , UK ( perhaps ?
context 3: treatment on the NHS at Salford Royal . I 've added

term: denying
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: deny
context 1: recently posted about my insurance denying the procedure with my doctor
context 2: one of her reasonings for denying me the procedure . Well
context 3: mail from my insurance company denying my surgery . The insurance

term: connects
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: connect
context 1: is a great airport that connects to a lot places .
context 2: the area whete my skull connects to my spine . I
context 3: band under your tongue that connects to the bottom of your

term: Cosentino
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: cosentino
context 1: Italian doctor , Professor Giuseppe Cosentino . Prof Cosentino has confirmed
context 2: Professor Giuseppe Cosentino . Prof Cosentino has confirmed to me that
context 3: : [ https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC9285907/pdf/NMO-34-0.pdf](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC9285907/pdf/NMO-34-0.pdf) ** 2023 Cosentino et al ( single case

term: pads
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: pad
context 1: bed , she put some pads on me and then put
context 2: Lucy applied some small sticky pads to my neck ( which
context 3: put a couple of sticky pads in areas which were attached

term: outweighs
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: outweigh
context 1: the constant discomfort and pain outweighs my fear to get the
context 2: opinion the good by far outweighs the bad .
context 3: the potential for relief far outweighs that . If it does

term: regained
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: regain
context 1: . Recently , I 've regained a bit of hope .
context 2: the following months I slowly regained the ability , though to
context 3: ? Or if you ’ve regained the ability to burp (

term: tendencies
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: tendency
context 1: trained myself into some emetophobic tendencies due to recurring bowel obstructions
context 2: ( diagnosed anorexia with purging tendencies ) for 9 years (
context 3: against my body 's natural tendencies in several ways . I

term: Wind
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: wind
context 1: ) had completely gone . Wind forward 6 months and things
context 2: ’ve had multiple doses of Wind Settlers ( Gas X in
context 3: should really try that ! Wind is highkey a problem for

term: Work
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: work
context 1: professional setting ( AKA : Work ) to avoid any extra
context 2: until it 's paste * Work at your body 's pace
context 3: with neck situps 2 . Work your way up to 30

term: antiacids
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: antiacid
context 1: GI dr and am taking antiacids , with no avail to
context 2: I get no relief from antiacids , gaviscon , PPI ,
context 3: years . I would take antiacids when I would feel extreme

term: Philippines
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: philippines
context 1: Got my botox in the Philippines !
context 2: Botox in / near the Philippines ?
context 3: here that 's from the Philippines ( specifically Metro Manila )

term: Stuff
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: stuff
context 1: medical podcast Made of Stonger Stuff just released a great episode
context 2: point of being bloated . Stuff like smoking and chewing gum
context 3: while to work out . Stuff that is stretched can bounce

term: Orlov
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: orlov
context 1: kinda reminded me of General Orlov from Octopussy . For the
context 2: , we 'll call him Orlov . 1 . After spending
context 3: D worse . I asked Orlov what his thoughts were on

term: subjected
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: subject
context 1: air feeling , are you subjected to premature heart contractions ?
context 2: know if I ’ll be subjected to more tests or hurdles
context 3: seconds . Why are we subjected to all the discomfort and

term: focuses
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: focus
context 1: milestone on a holiday that focuses on gratefulness and gluttony (
context 2: clear that this particular clinic focuses on vocal and swallowing problems
context 3: into the FODMAP diet that focuses on low or non-fermenting foods

term: atlas
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: atla
context 1: ( it means " the atlas vertebra " in Swedish )
context 2: - most vertebra called the atlas . I 'm pretty sure
context 3: Americans refer to " an atlas adjustment " but I 'm

term: handles
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: handle
context 1: depends on how each individual handles anesthesia , so you might
context 2: ( Carol ? ) that handles scheduling the specific Botox /
context 3: She said that he only handles vocal issues and that I

term: dynamics
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: dynamic
context 1: looking a video at the dynamics of burping I started trying
context 2: would n’t that affect pressure dynamics through the esophagus ? Would
context 3: my esophagus from a pressure dynamics standpoint . I ’m feeling

term: fermented
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: ferment
context 1: red tea ever , anything fermented really . So , it
context 2: as well as cultured and fermented foods . The idea was
context 3: a little healthier , eating fermented products such as pickles for

term: Barcelona
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: barcelona
context 1: Anyone in Barcelona / Catalonia and got this
context 2: appointment with an ENT in Barcelona , which is where I
context 3: there 's someone here in Barcelona or Catalonia that knows a

term: Überweisung
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: überweisung
context 1: need a remittance ( dt. Überweisung ) in order to even
context 2: Germany - Getting an Überweisung in Düsseldorf ?
context 3: I read you need an Überweisung from your doctor . I

term: Ahmed
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: ahmed
context 1: Dr. Samia Bassiouny and Dr. Ahmed Refaat Post procedure my throat
context 2: want to look up is Ahmed Geneid in HUS . He
context 3: my doctor in Helsinki ( Ahmed Geneid ) used to work

term: Hausarzt
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hausarzt
context 1: I do n't have a Hausarzt and would like to ask
context 2: . Seid ihr zu eurem Hausarzt gegangen oder direkt zu einem
context 3: Did you talk to your Hausarzt before and convince them to

term: Du
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: du
context 1: raison de mes symptômes … Du coup j’ai passé ma journée
context 2: Du kan troligtvis få hjälp via
context 3: förän du får en . Du måste vara på .

term: capillaries
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: capillary
context 1: point that I sometimes burst capillaries in my eyes or around
context 2: a lot of tiny broken capillaries in my face , though
context 3: one more prone to broken capillaries . So it 's likely

term: Aw
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: aw
context 1: Aw that ’s so good !!
context 2: Aw man , glad you found
context 3: Aw I ’m so glad it

term: salads
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: salad
context 1: Why salads ? Haha
context 2: take forever to liquefy ( salads , celery , really sticky
context 3: So I was eating salads last week and I was

term: Technically
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: technically
context 1: and seems very knowledgeable . Technically her speciality is “ head
context 2: kind of weird way . Technically speaking , the excessive flatulence
context 3: about two month waiting period Technically I could have gone to

term: eliminates
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: eliminate
context 1: " it and I think eliminates the spasm causing the condition
context 2: diet / a diet that eliminates foods you do n't do
context 3: low FODMAP diet . It eliminates all complex sugars that are

term: HUS
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: hus
context 1: up is Ahmed Geneid in HUS . He also works privately
context 2: the first case in the HUS region ... 😄 I 've
context 3: I found a doctor at HUS who knows many of the

term: randomized
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: randomize
context 1: and not supported by prospective randomized control trials , this seems
context 2: 7243 people sample size , randomized double blind study , where
context 3: you go for double blind randomized study on that ? If

term: Maar
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: maar
context 1: 2e behandeling beter gaat . Maar meestal is dat wel echt
context 2: het nog gaat werken ! Maar na drie weken is de
context 3: Maar niks gemerkt van die slang

term: Anecdotally
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: anecdotally
context 1: knows the cause . ​ Anecdotally , I have noticed people
context 2: Anecdotally my heart rate is lower
context 3: at collective treatment outcomes . Anecdotally , there is certainly some

term: vials
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: vial
context 1: unit , and 200 unit vials . The hospital I work
context 2: only stocks the 100 unit vials . Let 's say a
context 3: ( https://imgcdn.mckesson.com/CumulusWeb/Images/Original_Image/766957_family.jpg). Both of those vials contain different units , but

term: Die
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: die
context 1: vanwege wat jij beschrijft . Die afwijzing en niet serieus genomen
context 2: toch aan mij uitgelegd . Die heeft gestudeerd bij de uitvinder
context 3: könnte nicht glücklicher sein . Die Kosten haben sich also definitiv

term: Crisis
frequency: 10
lemmatized_to: crisis
context 1: to 741741 to reach [ Crisis Text Line ] ( https://www.crisistextline.org/).
context 2: be connected to a trained Crisis Counselor from Crisis Text Line
context 3: a trained Crisis Counselor from Crisis Text Line . - Call

term: Tons
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: ton
context 1: they are frequent now . Tons of baby burps . I
context 2: issues that irritate me . Tons and tons of long ,
context 3: it on here too . Tons of positives and happy people

term: Physical
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: physical
context 1: Physical Activity after Eating
context 2: just to encourage movement . Physical Intervention - this is the
context 3: muscle problems ( that traditional Physical therapy , massage etc can

term: Bacterial
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: bacterial
context 1: Parasites : Negative Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth : Negative H. Pylori
context 2: Rifaximin for supposed Small Intestine Bacterial Overgrowth . Claims he has
context 3: for SIBO ( Small Intestine Bacterial Overgrowth ) which came back

term: Vagus
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: vagus
context 1: of this article about the Vagus Nerve which is linking ectopic
context 2: “ Phrenic ” and “ Vagus ” nerves , allowing the
context 3: wondered if this is a Vagus nerve issue in some people

term: linking
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: link
context 1: the Vagus Nerve which is linking ectopic heartbeats with digestion ,
context 2: insurance to cover it by linking R - CPD issues to
context 3: suddenly so many things starting linking together in my head .

term: Magnesium
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: magnesium
context 1: Shaker / Neck Position / Magnesium )
context 2: spray onto the neck . Magnesium is a muscle relaxant .
context 3: and they seem clueless . Magnesium at least relieves the muscle

term: posed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pose
context 1: \ ) . She has posed the question of whether after
context 2: wore off , it actually posed a greater LPR threat ,
context 3: was shocked and then simply posed the question : " Alright

term: Milwaukee
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: milwaukee
context 1: with Dr. Benson Massey in Milwaukee , WI and we went
context 2: anyone out there in the Milwaukee region of Wisconsin because it
context 3: to Dr. Benson Massey in Milwaukee at Froedert . I just

term: jogging
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: jogg
context 1: it 's my diet or jogging my stomach around for a
context 2: Always large size pants or jogging - any change after being
context 3: too wide for me or jogging . I imagine it 's

term: RC
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: rc
context 1: have really bad insomnia from RC - D and you frequently
context 2: 15 . doi:10.1177/2473974X19834553 2 .Hoesli RC , Wingo ML , Bastian
context 3: extreme mental health issues from RC - PD

term: Warning
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: warning
context 1: Potential Warning About Treatment with Lucy Hicklin
context 2: Warning : descriptions of vomiting .
context 3: in my throat . Trigger Warning for those who are squeamish

term: OOP
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: oop
context 1: had already met my max OOP of $ 3 K before
context 2: to it I will pay OOP , I really am not
context 3: in the US and my OOP is $ 5 k next

term: VOMIT
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: vomit
context 1: this forum call it AIR VOMIT . I have never ever
context 2: attacks because ya know AHH VOMIT IS SCARY do n't know
context 3: recently learnt how to AIR VOMIT ! Which has changed my

term: staples
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: staple
context 1: for fear of bursting my staples . After that surgery I
context 2: for fear of bursting my staples . After every meal I
context 3: for fear of bursting my staples . After every meal I

term: Island
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: island
context 1: or around NYC / Long Island . I have already contacted
context 2: |**[ Vote ] ( http://redditpoll.com/vote/2xK2cbN3)**|Rhode Island |**1** Votes |**[ Vote ]
context 3: | North Dakota | Rhode Island | South Dakota| | Tennessee

term: Below
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: below
context 1: and live in Europe . Below is my combination of symptoms
context 2: consultant said . Anyway . Below is my burp diary :
context 3: everything went very smoothly . Below I will keep updates of

term: dosages
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: dosage
context 1: . I have taken lower dosages of somac in intervals throughout
context 2: article with the directions for dosages and locations of injections but
context 3: many attempts to tweak my dosages . I wake up around

term: Likely
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: likely
context 1: no other issues found . Likely been there for a long
context 2: ) - Chronic Gastritis - Likely slightly delayed gastric emptying (
context 3: could n't control things . Likely dealing with either IBS or

term: coping
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: cope
context 1: great deal , I am coping a bit better . Thank
context 2: A list of coping skills I ’ve found for
context 3: but ultimately helped me build coping skills that have benefited me

term: discoveries
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: discovery
context 1: with some great , new discoveries .
context 2: , I have no more discoveries for the thread . "
context 3: when I make any more discoveries . Which might not be

term: cursed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: curse
context 1: Sinus infection granted ( cursed ? ) me with ability
context 2: this sub I 've been cursed with this noburp thing .
context 3: guys , I 've been cursed with this no burp thing

term: fists
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: fist
context 1: eat more than a few fists full of food , I
context 2: her to ball up her fists and pound on my back
context 3: this : closed both my fists and put them at the

term: Resolution
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: resolution
context 1: New Years Resolution
context 2: UES ) is the High Resolution Esophageal Manometry , that has
context 3: the diagnosis ...!!!! The High Resolution Esophageal manometry study showed no

term: scrolled
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: scroll
context 1: I 've scrolled a fair bit through all
context 2: pioneers here . I have scrolled and read a lot .
context 3: scrolled past a mini comic on

term: belts
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: belt
context 1: . I do n't do belts anymore , for instance (
context 2: me then after a few belts like that it all come
context 3: . - Do n't wear belts or tight pants . Unbutton

term: AskReddit
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: askreddit
context 1: this sub mentioned in the AskReddit thread the other day ,
context 2: this sub reddit from an AskReddit thread . I 'm so
context 3: due to the influx from AskReddit about a month ago ,

term: startled
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: startle
context 1: twenties , I was so startled I just sat wide -
context 2: hiccup . I was too startled and distracted by the fact
context 3: with a mirror . This startled the shit out of me

term: NoBurper
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: noburper
context 1: Life as a NoBurper . :: Left Dr. Bastian
context 2: ** Background ** : Lifelong NoBurper , 33 , Canada .
context 3: 'm the sister of a NoBurper who is so stressed about

term: interferes
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: interfere
context 1: do n’t necessarily think it interferes with my life to a
context 2: ca n’t burp and it interferes with my life so much
context 3: and in pain , it interferes with my day . The

term: Strangely
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: strangely
context 1: father prolific - burper . Strangely , my father has been
context 2: loud belch in response . Strangely enough I luckily do n't
context 3: as long thank goodness . Strangely as I normally get the

term: genes
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: gene
context 1: ... especially with these ectomorph genes . I now have a
context 2: Unlucky genes
context 3: ! We have the same genes ( according to karyotyping )

term: Lansoprazole
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: lansoprazole
context 1: and have been put on Lansoprazole in the morning and Gaviscon
context 2: I was put on PPI Lansoprazole which does a really good
context 3: , I take 15 mg Lansoprazole twice a day to stop

term: expressing
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: express
context 1: in reality I ’m verbally expressing my frustration not knowing why
context 2: the Botox as you are expressing . They were concerned about
context 3: as to what you 're expressing here with how you 're

term: spreads
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: spread
context 1: my chest , it often spreads down and makes my shoulder
context 2: it ’s almost unbearable and spreads throughout my body and then
context 3: vomiting , chest pain that spreads to my back , bloating

term: yelling
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: yell
context 1: floor and my bf is yelling my name . I woke
context 2: at a concert on Saturday yelling . Then Sunday was at
context 3: had to make these hideous yelling noises . ( On a

term: afflicted
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: afflict
context 1: I was afflicted with no burp for YEARS
context 2: accepted that I was simply afflicted by some strange biological irregularity
context 3: . And if you were afflicted suddenly in life by noburp

term: AS
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: as
context 1: and I am relieved , AS LONG AS I STAY ON
context 2: am relieved , AS LONG AS I STAY ON MY BACK
context 3: THIS SUBREDDIT WILL CHANGE YOURS AS WELL .** I really hope

term: LEAST
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: least
context 1: or right side for at LEAST an hour before the gurgling
context 2: 2nd injection without waiting AT LEAST 6 months , let alone
context 3: think I 've burped AT LEAST 15 times . Or well

term: speculated
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: speculate
context 1: local * * Dr. Bastian speculated that most people chose the
context 2: . Also Dr Bastian have speculated that chronic inability to burp
context 3: In fact Dr Bastian has speculated in one of his videos

term: inverted
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: invert
context 1: positions that are horizontal or inverted . You may regurgitate a
context 2: . Is this like an inverted burp ? He used to
context 3: getting better ? Is an inverted burp a real thing ?

term: Akst
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: akst
context 1: at Johns Hopkins with Dr. Akst . He used to be
context 2: for this by Dr. Lee Akst in Baltimore , Md and
context 3: schedule the procedure with Dr. Akst in Maryland ?

term: El
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: el
context 1: El próximo 12 de Mayo hago
context 2: sufro otros problemas también . El gluten me cae mal ,
context 3: mi incapacidad para eructar . El Bótox no ha funcionado conmigo

term: Myself
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: myself
context 1: close friend of mine . Myself and a few others went
context 2: because of the pandemic . Myself and my sister ’s round
context 3: Myself ( 35 f ) ,

term: hints
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: hint
context 1: be brushed off . Any hints on how to make site
context 2: but I never took the hints . They went right over
context 3: brain the next doctor that hints that she is faking in

term: fobbed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: fobb
context 1: and gastroenterologists who have all fobbed me off and ignored my
context 2: to a nutritionist who COMPLETELY fobbed me off on the phone
context 3: ! You will not get fobbed off with him ! Very

term: Adams
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: adams
context 1: a little bit like my Adams apple had been pushed on
context 2: ( slightly up from the Adams apple , to the left
context 3: your stomach , drop your Adams apple , lift your palate

term: TERRIFIED
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: terrified
context 1: barely swallow . I 'm TERRIFIED of vomiting , which seems
context 2: here ! I 'm also TERRIFIED of Botox because of the
context 3: a difference . I am TERRIFIED of a relapse into my

term: streaming
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: stream
context 1: least 5 minuets with tears streaming , makeup running , shaking
context 2: a few hours before started streaming out of my nose and
context 3: could n't breath , tears streaming down my face . Dr.

term: Pacific
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pacific
context 1: let Dr. Amanda Hu or Pacific Spirit Voice Clinic know that
context 2: the botox procedure in the Pacific Northwest , besides Dr. Hu
context 3: to Dr. Hu at the Pacific Spirit Voice Clinic in Vancouver

term: cousins
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: cousin
context 1: sub for months , my cousins and grandma all ca n’t
context 2: and my sister and our cousins were chugging Diet Coke to
context 3: more than my 200lb male cousins ) . Which is what

term: mitigated
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: mitigate
context 1: worst of my symptoms were mitigated , though I still get
context 2: , and can they be mitigated ? How much junk is
context 3: following the procedure can be mitigated by eg. sleeping using a

term: Absolute
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: absolute
context 1: water to chase food . Absolute worst case , you can
context 2: stuck , whilst swallowing . Absolute nightmare to diagnose because you
context 3: a longer route out . Absolute hell . For this reason

term: HG
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: hg
context 1: R-CPD and HG
context 2: Has anyone had HG while pregnant with rcpd ?
context 3: my last pregnancy I had HG . It was absolutely horrific

term: Five
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: five
context 1: Five days post Botox and I
context 2: gurgles today too . Day Five : daily burp count 1
context 3: Hi , all . Five days ago , I had

term: College
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: college
context 1: it 's actually insane . College was when I really started
context 2: of Pennsylvania and Penn State College of Medicine . I study
context 3: Gastroenterology Fellow at the Medical College of Wisconsin . We are

term: vaping
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: vape
context 1: much worse . I quit vaping around a week ago ,
context 2: smoking weed , I was vaping too . I do n’t
context 3: when I know to start vaping a lot pretty fast .

term: drained
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: drain
context 1: again because you 've effectively drained the air from the top
context 2: is the worst and it drained my mental ( and physical
context 3: I feel like they 've drained differently than before both times

term: smiling
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: smile
context 1: ! He could n't stop smiling when I told him I
context 2: daughter has blossomed into a smiling , happy , healthy teenager
context 3: " , she said , smiling , as I entered .

term: titled
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: title
context 1: a couple of weeks ago titled something along the lines of
context 2: botox adventure . It 's titled EMG botox second attempt !
context 3: any video that is specifically titled " larynx lowering exercise "

term: stumbling
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: stumble
context 1: had R - CPD after stumbling across a Tiktok about someone
context 2: been suffering from IBS before stumbling upon this subreddit and Dr
context 3: here quite by chance , stumbling around the bowels of the

term: strictures
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: stricture
context 1: I have had for mild strictures . The gurgling is very
context 2: Dysmotility disorders , Narrowing / strictures , dairy / FODMAP /
context 3: was no esophageal spams , strictures , ect . A few

term: Bypass
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: bypass
context 1: Inability to burp after Gastric Bypass Surgery
context 2: years , since having Gastric Bypass Surgery in the U.K .
context 3: does anyone think that Gastric Bypass Surgery could somehow affect my

term: lozenges
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: lozenge
context 1: , congested etc ? Throat lozenges are my nemesis …
context 2: in my throat . Ricola lozenges are helping with that .
context 3: water and sucking on ricola lozenges . I 'm happy to

term: Hickling
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: hickling
context 1: post - Botox with Lucy Hickling
context 2: ml Botox treatment from Lucy Hickling . After some mild progress
context 3: Booked with Hickling next week

term: regressed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: regress
context 1: successful burps I have unfortunately regressed to not being able to
context 2: and his teachers feel he regressed ... For a long time
context 3: day I seem to have regressed to the point where sitting

term: European
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: european
context 1: they may differ from than European timelines ) . My main
context 2: weeks . In other central European cities , I often struggle
context 3: ) in most of the European Union , ( 000 )

term: Letting
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: let
context 1: Letting out my gurgles kind of
context 2: to be fully there . Letting off big burps after drinking
context 3: hours in the bathroom . Letting myself throw up hoping it

term: milkshakes
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: milkshake
context 1: better . Ice cream and milkshakes have been the best to
context 2: have smoothies , applesauce , milkshakes , soups , ect …
context 3: ordered 10 ( and that milkshakes were somehow calorie - free

term: Gastritis
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: gastritis
context 1: Gastritis and stomach ulcers effecting being
context 2: IBS ? ) - Chronic Gastritis - Likely slightly delayed gastric
context 3: also suffering from H. Pylori Gastritis and GERD . So my

term: flareups
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: flareup
context 1: after Botox ) the PET flareups are less common because I
context 2: . When I do get flareups I start burping , so
context 3: n't eat fiber without intense flareups that ca n't be soothed

term: shorts
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: short
context 1: wore loose Levi button up shorts , thinking they ’d be
context 2: a pair of my loosest shorts were awfully tight around my
context 3: other than leggings or loose shorts , I feel like I

term: proteins
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: protein
context 1: I get enough carbs and proteins . Try drinking all of
context 2: , most animal fats and proteins just get absorbed without causing
context 3: worst things : pizza , proteins ( salmon , chicken )

term: influences
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: influence
context 1: my hypothesis is that serotonin influences the lower esophageal sphincter in
context 2: this position of my neck influences my abillity to burp .
context 3: audience . Your stomach heavily influences your brain , and vice

term: MDMA
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: mdma
context 1: took a large dose of MDMA ( ecstasy ) , which
context 2: weeks ago , I took MDMA at a music festival and
context 3: this have any experience with MDMA ?

term: surviving
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: survive
context 1: . I think the longest surviving new yes - burper I
context 2: . Voice becoming thinner but surviving through the application of PPIs
context 3: anybody has any advice on surviving concerts with RCPD , I

term: communicated
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: communicate
context 1: endoscopy . This was not communicated to me at any point
context 2: if I ’ve ever truly communicated this all before . Other
context 3: delayed emergence which has been communicated with the pre-surg team )

term: slips
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: slip
context 1: year or so and always slips out unexpectedly , quiet ,
context 2: I drink carbonation and it slips out !!!! I 'm amazed
context 3: or shame when one just slips out ?

term: astonishing
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: astonish
context 1: even possible . It ’s astonishing how rare that this condition
context 2: person dealing with this is astonishing and im suprised id never
context 3: painless . The relief is astonishing !!! My dad walked out

term: gurggles
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: gurggle
context 1: people talking about the increased gurggles which I definitely experienced particularly
context 2: I 'm still having increased gurggles compared to normal ( not
context 3: year ( basically when having gurggles a tiny one time burp

term: Travel
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: travel
context 1: for out of pocket ? Travel is not an issue
context 2: started . Day 1 : Travel day . We flew from
context 3: the list ? Why ? Travel is very physically hard for

term: aggravating
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: aggravate
context 1: R - CPD that ’s aggravating my heart . I ’ve
context 2: can be super painful and aggravating with noburp ? It ’s
context 3: instead and frequently which is aggravating .

term: Lmk
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: lmk
context 1: better after all this . Lmk if you ’re booked in
context 2: side during the curl up Lmk if this is confusing and
context 3: might be a hereditary ? Lmk :)

term: Review
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: review
context 1: Johns Hopkins R - CPD Review
context 2: research article : RCPD Systematic Review , University of Copenhagen
context 3: the third - party External Review ( the final option )

term: Sutep
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: sutep
context 1: . My doctor is Dr. Sutep Gonlachanvit of Bumrungrad International Hospital
context 2: Treatment in Bangkok ( Dr. Sutep Gonlachanvit )
context 3: I received treatment from Dr. Sutep at the Bumrungrad Hospital in

term: Children
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: children
context 1: will do surgery at Primary Children 's Hospital . The doctors
context 2: of Utah Hospital and Primary Children 's .
context 3: muscles experience early weakening . Children wo n't burp , wo

term: slices
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: slice
context 1: came after I ate 4 slices of pizza . I leant
context 2: - or - two - slices - of - pizza -
context 3: I know 4 - 5 slices of pizza is a good

term: Gatorade
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: gatorade
context 1: thin liquids like tea , Gatorade , and water . I
context 2: you struggle with this , Gatorade or Pedialyte help ! also
context 3: bloated just from water / Gatorade / and lunch . Could

term: J
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: j
context 1: contacted Peak ENT ( Dr. J Michael King ) to get
context 2: Gurgles . Hope this helps J
context 3: R Hoffman et al. Int J Pediatr Otorhinolaryngol . 2022 Oct

term: tensions
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: tension
context 1: it does n't releive my tensions like before I worked out
context 2: - CPD , due to tensions in the cricopharyngeal muscle )
context 3: 'm wrong ) phenomenon of tensions in the cricopharyngeal muscle preventing

term: Science
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: science
context 1: participating in a survey for Science
context 2: work ? – Atlas of Science ] ( https://atlasofscience.org/belching-how-does-it-work/)
context 3: the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio .

term: LITERALLY
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: literally
context 1: and I slowly realized that LITERALLY ANYTIME i felt a bubbly
context 2: a sluggish turd after eating LITERALLY ANYTHING . I ca n't
context 3: like a little girl but LITERALLY do not stop thinking about

term: PAIN
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pain
context 1: , general discomfort / occasional PAIN , etc , etc ,
context 2: I am in SO MUCH PAIN ! I 'm a nurse
context 3: banana and I am in PAIN 😬

term: Mild
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: mild
context 1: a bit more controllable . Mild gurgles still but almost always
context 2: Mild symptoms - except ... (
context 3: ( globus sensation ) . Mild gurgles . Went back to

term: induces
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: induce
context 1: Any other methods that effectively induces an air vomit ?
context 2: I ’ve noticed this angle induces some burps sometimes . -
context 3: when being around other people induces even more severe pain due

term: Aty
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: aty
context 1: ( with Dr. Abdel - Aty in Tampa ) . Ca
context 2: . Dr. Yassmeen Abdel - Aty has heard of RCPD ,
context 3: procedure ( Dr. Abdel - Aty ) in conjunction with the

term: strains
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: strain
context 1: / what are some good strains you ’ve used for nausea
context 2: doing shaker exercises everyday it strains the neck and does n’t
context 3: Different botulinum strains

term: Jin
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: jin
context 1: an appt with Dr Mi Jin Yoo ( KP San Leandro
context 2: , California : Dr. Mi Jin Yoon at Kaiser Permanente [
context 3: , California : Dr. Mi Jin Yoon at Kaiser Permanente *

term: Fremont
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: fremont
context 1: procedure for 11 Jan in Fremont Ca . I had many
context 2: GA with Dr. Yoo at Fremont Kaiser in the Bay Area
context 3: Yoo today 8/14/23 at the Fremont Kaiser facility in NorCal .

term: tacos
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: taco
context 1: usually eat which was steak tacos and all of a sudden
context 2: able to eat soft shell tacos tonight ! Feeling so much
context 3: the black bean and corn tacos I had for lunch ...

term: Slightly
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: slightly
context 1: . * Day 2 : Slightly increased difficulty swallowing . Sore
context 2: in all the ways . Slightly TMI , but I was
context 3: . Puffed my chest . Slightly lean my head forward .

term: NP
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: np
context 1: blood test , and my NP sent in for an endoscopy
context 2: brought it up with my NP about no burping she went
context 3: I felt validated . The NP told me it was the

term: opting
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: opt
context 1: that many of you were opting for botox surgeries . I
context 2: , the doctor was initially opting for general anesthesia but later
context 3: Are there any downsides for opting for more ? I know

term: roommates
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: roommate
context 1: It helps to have understanding roommates . After a few months
context 2: . Unusually so . My roommates used to think it was
context 3: tiny " compared to my roommates massive burps , but hey

term: considers
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: consider
context 1: by the procedure . He considers us all a success .
context 2: who regularly works out and considers themselves healthy ? Or someone
context 3: my case , my insurance considers any anesthesiologist in - network

term: graduating
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: graduate
context 1: 'd ever hire me after graduating 2 - 3 years later
context 2: In past recent years since graduating highschool I was in constant
context 3: - CPD last May after graduating college and it has kinda

term: nuggets
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: nugget
context 1: a baked potato and chicken nuggets on our drive home back
context 2: cereal , pot noodle , nuggets and chips . Day 5
context 3: I had chips , chicken nuggets , scones with jam and

term: annoying
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: annoying
context 1: ) . It ’s so annoying because I love dairy products
context 2: in my chest can be annoying , and so are the
context 3: a cure for this very annoying condition we suffer , I

term: sweatpants
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: sweatpant
context 1: abdomen is too much . sweatpants sometimes feel too tight .
context 2: been loving living in my sweatpants .
context 3: thing I can wear is sweatpants , lol . I know

term: MISERABLE
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: miserable
context 1: only relief and I was MISERABLE . I was honestly scared
context 2: CONDITION THAT YOU WILL BE MISERABLE WITH ETC . wtf ...
context 3: seltzer today - and was MISERABLE for several hours . Chest

term: toot
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: take
context 1: animal for how much I toot ! true friends < 3
context 2: buildup will really make you toot toot toot . 7 .
context 3: will really make you toot toot toot . 7 . I

term: cited
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: cite
context 1: and studies . It 's cited as a resource ! just
context 2: have never seen a reddit cited as a resource or even
context 3: Bastian 's original research paper cited using 50 units at the

term: nodes
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: node
context 1: they have said my lymph nodes feel fine ( as they
context 2: chin ( possibly my lymph nodes , but that seems strange
context 3: was removed and my lymph nodes in my neck were removed

term: smokers
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: smoker
context 1: Cigar smokers and noburp / emetophobia
context 2: friends who are hobby cigar smokers and I ’d love to
context 3: the " Noburpers " are smokers and how many are not

term: Occasional
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: occasional
context 1: . No burps yet . Occasional fizzy feeling in the back
context 2: when getting intimate lol * Occasional difficulty with deep breaths specifically
context 3: or a tough food . Occasional instance of the saliva swallowing

term: filed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: file
context 1: this consultation can not be filed through insurance and is an
context 2: and insulted by doctors , filed a medical bankruptcy , am
context 3: with these symptoms . I filed for medical bankruptcy about six

term: introducing
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: introduce
context 1: they are going to be introducing later this year . She
context 2: she wanted to see about introducing a part into the test
context 3: be counterproductive as I 'm introducing gases into my stomach .

term: Cheadle
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: cheadle
context 1: The BMI Alexandra Hospital , Cheadle , Mr Yakubu Karagama has
context 2: at the Alexandra Hospital in Cheadle , wish me luck .
context 3: to see the specialist in Cheadle iirc , but losing my

term: prayers
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: prayer
context 1: Send prayers . So many regrets .
context 2: not religious , but any prayers or positive thoughts anyone can
context 3: like the answer to our prayers !

term: Backstory
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: backstory
context 1: do it now . # Backstory I am 30 / M
context 2: Backstory : I 've been hesitant
context 3: solving this without botox ! Backstory : I noticed I was

term: Final
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: final
context 1: some small burps ! # Final Over the past year I
context 2: ! ** Week 1 , Final Update ** : I am
context 3: u have questions ) ** Final setup details for the nerds

term: GOSH
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: gosh
context 1: - Paediatric ENT ( formerly GOSH ) President ( 2021 -
context 2: referral via Gastroenterologist , even GOSH appear to be refusing him
context 3: effective and it works . GOSH did the injection under GA

term: shes
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: she
context 1: Lucy Hicklin in Wimbledon and shes does this procedure many times
context 2: to her yesterday she said shes injected around 300 patients and
context 3: daughter ca n't burp , shes not biologically mine .

term: canned
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: can
context 1: olive oil , applesauce , canned pears , and apple juice
context 2: the intensity . * Buy canned veggies and blend them up
context 3: So does anyone have any canned non-alcoholic drinks without carbonation ,

term: 30’s
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: 30’
context 1: . I ’m in my 30’s . Recently I noticed I
context 2: I ’m in my mid 30’s now . I refer to
context 3: I ’m in my late 30’s and recently I ’ve also

term: Spoiler
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: spoiler
context 1: right now which SUCKS . Spoiler alert : burps taste gross
context 2: will never get better . Spoiler alert and maybe TMI :
context 3: :) ** Post botox ** Spoiler alert no burp yet haha

term: safest
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: safe
context 1: OLD but it ’s the safest bet right now ( especially
context 2: it 's by far the safest and most successful approach .
context 3: for practicing medicine from the safest ethical standard . I am

term: varied
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: vary
context 1: different posts seem to have varied experiences . I guess I
context 2: timer - too much and varied info here ( yea !
context 3: . It ’s sporadic and varied , usually in the middle

term: dentists
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: dentist
context 1: tongue is a challenge and dentists wanting to X - ray
context 2: I ’ve been to several dentists , brush my teeth 3
context 3: to keep banging on about dentists ! It 's just that

term: ‘ve
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: still a thing . I ‘ve found that bananas are my
context 2: so grateful to others who ‘ve posted on here and helped
context 3: in deep breaths . I ‘ve also been actively gurgling a

term: grumbling
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: grumble
context 1: said my stomach was " grumbling from hunger " once or
context 2: all the time , still grumbling , except now all my
context 3: I have constant gurgling and grumbling sounds in my throat .

term: scaring
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: scare
context 1: , but this is genuinely scaring me .
context 2: very loud gurgles is really scaring me now . Excessive gas
context 3: doing microburps but they were scaring me when they would come

term: Copenhagen
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: copenhagen
context 1: to the Hvidovre Hospital near Copenhagen . This hospital boasted of
context 2: hospital of Charlottenlund , near Copenhagen . I met with this
context 3: to Bispebjerg Hospital , in Copenhagen ( there are like 5

term: Balle
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: balle
context 1: NoBurp doctors : Dr. Jesper Balle Charlottenlund Privathospital Jægersborg Alle 4
context 2: be following up with Dr. Balle in the coming weeks and
context 3: I 'm seeing Dr. Jesper Balle . I had a very

term: collects
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: collect
context 1: because of how much liquid collects in my throat . Here
context 2: , it feels like saliva collects in the back of my
context 3: : A burp that " collects " near the back of

term: Mouth
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: mouth
context 1: not very fun . ) Mouth breathing poll : https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/jcrc8w/cant_burp_myself_but_its_not_dibiliating_for_me/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share Chewing
context 2: ] ) 4 . ** Mouth slightly open with bottom jaw
context 3: I was surprised about ! Mouth felt very dry so had

term: associates
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: associate
context 1: or if my brain just associates this lump in my throat
context 2: - because I think he associates it with the pain of
context 3: with Dr. Bastian and his associates about the Botox injection .

term: España
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: españa
context 1: Alguien de España ??
context 2: el 15 de Marzo en España !
context 3: todo ocurre en Estados Unidos España . Eh intentado que algún

term: postponed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: postpone
context 1: delay with my flight has postponed my procedure . I ca
context 2: get me through Botox and postponed the colonoscopy . Did Botox
context 3: . This botox injection was postponed several times , so that

term: gurglers
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: gurgler
context 1: if you took like 200 gurglers and put em in a
context 2: Hello gurglers . I have been a
context 3: diet I chose . Fellow gurglers , After 30 years of

term: IRL
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: irl
context 1: anybody know another frog balloon IRL ?
context 2: a single person around me IRL has this as well ,
context 3: talking to someone about this IRL who KNOWS would feel really

term: liters
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: liter
context 1: but the feel of releasing liters of gas ( not literally
context 2: I drank 2 to 3 liters of Coke a day ,
context 3: 4 forced ones . 1.5 liters of lemonade were downed .

term: stimulated
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: stimulate
context 1: **. I tried imitating the stimulated burping every time I felt
context 2: perhaps it needs to be stimulated . So basically the method
context 3: a stimulant that in turns stimulated my esophagus ? I do

term: stares
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: stare
context 1: to social situations because everyone stares at me after a meal
context 2: conscious and get lots of stares for the next few weeks
context 3: and being met with blank stares , shrugs , chuckles and

term: Add
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: add
context 1: My doctors experience and Add Dr. Andrew Tkaczuk , MD
context 2: ( steam inhalation ) . Add a strip of lemon peel
context 3: stop me fully ) . Add on that I think burping

term: tolerating
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: tolerate
context 1: for the procedure itself / tolerating the side effects after .
context 2: end of the line of tolerating my gurgles . I just
context 3: Does anyone else have trouble tolerating booze moreso than other foods

term: Greek
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: greek
context 1: following is a translation from Greek to English , of the
context 2: real slow swallow with some Greek yogurt and ripe banana late
context 3: tried a little breakfast , Greek yog with berries that went

term: THERE
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: there
context 1: NOT DISTURB ME AGAIN . THERE ARE A LOT THAT CAN
context 2: GET THE HELL OUT OF THERE . Anyways , hoped someone
context 3: my mind is blown that THERE ARE MORE OF US !!!

term: WORK
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: work
context 1: ARE A LOT THAT CAN WORK ON YOUR PROBLEM . EDIT
context 2: with the stretches and massages WORK , or they have a
context 3: bc I want it to WORK , do n't wan na

term: Bread
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: bread
context 1: the weird throat noises \- Bread and leafy veg are extremely
context 2: have water on standby . Bread , pasta , quite difficult
context 3: when chewed to death . Bread is a no - go

term: Vegas
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: vegas
context 1: Dr Shah at UMC Las Vegas . No complications , my
context 2: guys , going to Las Vegas this weekend for the first
context 3: and saying the words Las Vegas and boom the lights went

term: Esophagoscopy
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: esophagoscopy
context 1: procedure . $ 29,628 for Esophagoscopy Rigid Transoral Diagnostic Brush and
context 2: mass ( tumor ) - Esophagoscopy injection BTX ( Botox )
context 3: estimated at 37,925 . The Esophagoscopy Rigid Transoral Diagnostic Brush was

term: termed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: term
context 1: would come up . I termed this swallow - burping ,
context 2: in Chicago regarding a condition termed Retrograde Cricopharyngeal Dysfunction ( R
context 3: have had what my gastro termed “ esophageal spasms . ”

term: tactics
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: tactic
context 1: Cthulu summoning or throat goat tactics , just a burp !
context 2: ’ll throw up . What tactics do I use then to
context 3: , or do you have tactics that mean you can have

term: substances
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: substance
context 1: use or abuse of illegal substances . I am simply relating
context 2: builds up after swallowing various substances . However , the doctors
context 3: or especially combined with other substances . I ’m not entirely

term: RELIEF
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: relief
context 1: sounding belch . BUT THE RELIEF IT GIVES ! I have
context 2: my first feeling of actual RELIEF from being able to burp
context 3: burp and puke . The RELIEF is worth it though .

term: pancreas
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pancrea
context 1: she could n’t see my pancreas because I have so much
context 2: , ** F-elastase ** ( pancreas function ) , normal \-
context 3: : liver , gallbladder , pancreas etc. all normal \- **

term: LOOK
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: look
context 1: and say things like " LOOK OUT THIS GUYS THROWING UP
context 2: . I call that THE LOOK ! Be firm . I
context 3: they all gave me THE LOOK just like you are right

term: Cherry
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: cherry
context 1: down a hill chugging a Cherry Pepsi . That belch was
context 2: Gas Relief Chewable Tablets , Cherry Creme " ( get them
context 3: and drank a bit of Cherry Coke to test my burping

term: cleaned
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: clean
context 1: off . My wife quickly cleaned up the mess the best
context 2: from the survey that are cleaned up and in an easy
context 3: to review later . We cleaned my teeth no problem and

term: Smithson
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: smithson
context 1: , I met with PA Smithson , who went over my
context 2: into another room with PA Smithson and Dr. Bastian , where
context 3: 1 . Bastian RW , Smithson ML. Inability to Belch and

term: Olly
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: olly
context 1: tried this ? I tried Olly but it 's expensive to
context 2: for tablets similar to the Olly Beat the Bloat ones
context 3: ? I ’ve seen the Olly Beat the Bloat ones but

term: Whited
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: whited
context 1: and my experience with Dr. Whited in Austin , TX
context 2: referred me to Dr. Chad Whited at Austin ENT Clinic .
context 3: my follow up with Dr. Whited today ( april 6th )

term: fitting
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: fitting
context 1: pregnant and my clothes not fitting , waking up in the
context 2: me , I highly recommend fitting in the Chicago Cultural Center
context 3: purposefully wear long , loose fitting shirts that hide my unbuttoned

term: Zantac
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: zantac
context 1: cover . I was given Zantac prior to the procedure to
context 2: . They gave me a Zantac to prevent acid reflux while
context 3: I had tried omeprazole , Zantac , Tums , cutting out

term: MDs
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: md
context 1: normal doctors ( read : MDs , like Sunil Verma and
context 2: or being treated by any MDs in Boston ? I came
context 3: ? I came across two MDs in this thread and am

term: Nux
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: nux
context 1: / Alcohol / Drugs ( Nux Vomica 30c , Dexilant ,
context 2: ? : Homeopathic medicine called Nux Vomica 30c Summary : -
context 3: me a homeopathic medicine called Nux Vomica 30 c it is

term: afternoons
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: afternoon
context 1: - Best in the late afternoons , evenings when most bloated
context 2: who 've also suffered through afternoons and evenings of painful hiccups
context 3: and painfully gassy in the afternoons , specifically when also hungry

term: TERRIBLE
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: terrible
context 1: My symptoms pre-procedure :** \-- TERRIBLE distention ( from air trapped
context 2: bug and it was ** TERRIBLE .** The thing is :
context 3: done . I have a TERRIBLE gag reflux . Like I

term: pinched
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pinch
context 1: it usually seemed to get pinched and “ blocked ” a
context 2: I suspect the nerve got pinched / compressed / damaged from
context 3: were starting , i just pinched the skin on my throat

term: Homer
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: homer
context 1: ... rather than e.g. a Homer Simpson belch C ) Something
context 2: She has never had a Homer Simpson quality giant burp .
context 3: deeper , sometimes like a Homer Simpson belch but they 're

term: Share
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: share
context 1: on here about it . Share your experiences and stuff P.s.
context 2: ? Just curious really . Share away if you want to
context 3: : [ https://www.change.org/p/health-canada-offer-r-cpd-treatment-in-canada?redirect=false](https://www.change.org/p/health-canada-offer-r-cpd-treatment-in-canada?redirect=false) &#x200B ; Share it if you can

term: gastroscopies
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: gastroscopy
context 1: years . We regularly book gastroscopies . Has anyone has a
context 2: 've had multiple colonoscopies , gastroscopies , barium swallow test and
context 3: . I have had multiple gastroscopies and stomach motility tests and

term: inherited
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: inherit
context 1: rare genetic condition that is inherited . It looks like I
context 2: already very underweight . I inherited a really fast metabolism so
context 3: baby , I think he inherited this from me .

term: OSU
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: osu
context 1: I went to OSU Otolaryngology today , and FINALLY
context 2: Dr. DeSilva at OSU ?
context 3: Doctor is L.arick forest at OSU in Ohio . I ’m

term: Issaquah
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: issaquah
context 1: Botox with Dr. Villari in Issaquah , WA on 7/15 .
context 2: up with Dr Villari in Issaquah , WA . I will
context 3: Villari out in Bellevue / Issaquah , WA. my no burping

term: migrating
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: migrate
context 1: I 've heard about it migrating through your body ? And
context 2: lessen the risk of it migrating to a different area .
context 3: side effects like the Botox migrating or being allergic to it

term: bumped
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: bump
context 1: . In July , we bumped up to 70U . The
context 2: through 2 months . Then bumped up to 3 / day
context 3: system and wanted to be bumped up the wait list we

term: Specialists
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: specialist
context 1: [ ** World Map of Specialists **] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM&usp=sharing) I 've
context 2: n't produce a burp , Specialists and ENT 's have no
context 3: Specialists : Any more recent recommendations

term: Plenty
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: plenty
context 1: a quick email ) ! Plenty of the eastern parts of
context 2: Reality check . Plenty of us have been diagnosed
context 3: medication with a doctor . Plenty of people take omeprazole long

term: Mississippi
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: mississippi
context 1: | |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| | Maine | Mississippi |Montana | Nevada | New
context 2: student at the University of Mississippi looking to examine the impact
context 3: student at the University of Mississippi looking to examine the impact

term: Live
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: live
context 1: they are the worst . Live in the moment and enjoy
context 2: 18 years or older * Live in the United States **
context 3: 18 years or older * Live in the United States **

term: ACTUALLY
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: actually
context 1: ALCOHOL AGAIN < 33333 AND ACTUALLY GET DRUNK BEFORE I FEEL
context 2: . I THOUGHT I was ACTUALLY burping . I quickly typed
context 3: , Australia has made it ACTUALLY ACHIEVABLE !! ( And by

term: rescheduled
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: reschedule
context 1: message that my flight got rescheduled to 10:15 AM which I
context 2: appointment scheduled but it got rescheduled for September in person because
context 3: 30th 🙂 neither can be rescheduled 🙃 I 'm ecstatic about

term: Arizona
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: arizona
context 1: : Dr. Joseph Spiegal In Arizona : Dr. Sugumaran I also
context 2: [ https://health.usnews.com/doctors/jennifer-bergeron-744033](https://health.usnews.com/doctors/jennifer-bergeron-744033) * Phoenix , Arizona : Dr. Manikandan Sugumaran -
context 3: Jennifer Bergeron * Phoenix , Arizona : Dr. Manikandan Sugumaran -

term: History
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: history
context 1: could do the surgery ! History : I realized I could
context 2: flatulence Exclusion Criteria : 1. History of neck surgery or radiation
context 3: as I can remember . History : It took me quite

term: Kosten
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: kosten
context 1: Erfahrungen habt ihr mit der Kosten übernahme der Botox - OP
context 2: oder gehen die Übernahmechancen der Kosten gegen 0 ? Gibt es
context 3: Oder eine andere Möglichkeit die Kosten ( wenigstens anteilweise ) erstattet

term: Sad
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: sad
context 1: Thailand ? Please share . Sad ….
context 2: I burp its crazy ! Sad news though is after drinking
context 3: I 'm really disappointed and Sad right know . I am

term: Lie
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: lie
context 1: after eating and have to Lie Down flat on my back
context 2: after botox lol 1 . Lie down ( with a pillow
context 3: find a private place to Lie down flat on my back

term: Wed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: wednesday
context 1: Just got the procedure last Wed ( 36 )
context 2: to have Botox tx on Wed BUT I 'm thinking of
context 3: Monday . From Mon - Wed I consistently had microburps and

term: shattering
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: shatter
context 1: being released ! Nothing earth shattering but it ’s a good
context 2: ... the longest most earth shattering burp I have ever heard
context 3: have any really any earth shattering burps where I get lots

term: Coming
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: come
context 1: feel right to me . Coming out of the room and
context 2: Coming up on 4 years of
context 3: killer and felt better . Coming out of the anesthesia was

term: nauseating
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: nauseating
context 1: by just thinking of something nauseating which would make me gag
context 2: it ’s pretty uncomfortable / nauseating to have air constantly coming
context 3: a painful way but a nauseating way . I ca n’t

term: Subreddit
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: subreddit
context 1: Hey ! Just found this Subreddit and I am pretty happy
context 2: Here , Just Found the Subreddit Today - My Story
context 3: : ** Qualifications :** ** Subreddit posts about this doctor :

term: canceled
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: cancel
context 1: a throat ultrasound and i canceled it . My main question
context 2: the last minute so they canceled my surgery six days before
context 3: 90 % better so I canceled the Botox . It was

term: Major
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: major
context 1: Day 9 : Whoa ! Major progress . 🎉 Loooots of
context 2: presume due to Covid . Major struggles eating and drinking .
context 3: episodes usually go like : Major bloating and supergastric burping (

term: wrapping
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: wrap
context 1: to the sub and am wrapping up my degree in vocal
context 2: from gas buildup , even wrapping a bit around my trachea
context 3: ( a surgical procedure involving wrapping the stomach around the lower

term: dug
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: dig
context 1: read before if you 've dug around a bunch . I
context 2: of text . I ’ve dug through this sub for a
context 3: learning about this sub I dug through all the info and

term: Demon
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: demon
context 1: conversation between Our Little Throat Demon and Drug Use . My
context 2: inflate the symptoms of the Demon , bringing all of your
context 3: may decrease awareness of the Demon , as they squish your

term: perfected
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: perfect
context 1: Finally perfected the air - vomit !
context 2: . Ever since I 've perfected this method , I have
context 3: to it . I ’ve perfected the air vomit . And

term: peanuts
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: peanut
context 1: if it is the salty peanuts or the caramel or the
context 2: a new one for gas- peanuts . I ’ve been ridiculously
context 3: , now its crackers , peanuts , most of that .

term: Efficacy
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: efficacy
context 1: RW. The Long - term Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Injection to
context 2: RW. The Long - term Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Injection to
context 3: * The Long - term Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Injection to

term: Toxin
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: toxin
context 1: - term Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Injection to Treat Retrograde Cricopharyngeus
context 2: - term Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Injection to Treat Retrograde Cricopharyngeus
context 3: - term Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Injection to Treat Retrograde Cricopharyngeus

term: Treat
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: treat
context 1: of Botulinum Toxin Injection to Treat Retrograde Cricopharyngeus Dysfunction . OTO
context 2: of Botulinum Toxin Injection to Treat Retrograde Cricopharyngeus Dysfunction . OTO
context 3: of Botulinum Toxin Injection to Treat Retrograde Cricopharyngeus Dysfunction * ”

term: writhing
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: writhe
context 1: , especially when I was writhing from the pain in my
context 2: hiccuping , gurgling , and writhing in both stomach and chest
context 3: back in the shower or writhing in pain on my bed

term: BBQ
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: bbq
context 1: eaten my fair share of BBQ before drinking so I should
context 2: Green Street Smoked Meats ( BBQ - favorite ) , Duck
context 3: , and a Memorial Day BBQ , and honestly this procedure

term: knots
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: knot
context 1: Croak , stomach burning and knots in my throat so annoying
context 2: out twisting my body into knots at home post Botox ,
context 3: muscles and fascia form constant knots and tenderness that radiates through

term: coined
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: coin
context 1: a study on this and coined it with the " Dysfunction
context 2: a paper in 2019 and coined this disorder RCPD . His
context 3: . My family affectionately has coined my “ burp ” and

term: Plan
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: plan
context 1: . My insurance ( Empire Plan ) covered the procedure that
context 2: mir entfernt ist war mein Plan eig . anzufragen , ob
context 3: at these notes ! “ Plan : She likely has retrograde

term: Jeffrey
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: jeffrey
context 1: any experiences with Dr Jeffrey Lehman in Orlando , FL
context 2: sub here !! ( Dr Jeffrey Hsu with kaiser in Portland
context 3: 've had experience with Dr Jeffrey !! I 'm bloated even

term: Age
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: age
context 1: the following info … • Age • Location • How long
context 2: Weight ] ( https://imgur.com/Q0tPrjU) [ Age ] ( https://imgur.com/su5mv8x) [ Gender
context 3: this time .\*\* &#x200B ; Age Gender Race Country of Origin

term: fought
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: fight
context 1: remember , i ’ve practically fought the doctor when receiving a
context 2: reason my ENTIRE GI tract fought me for over 2 decades
context 3: and as a result I fought it badly and my body

term: professors
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: professor
context 1: LOUD . I ’ve made professors , in completely packed lecture
context 2: after a diagnostic from my professors , it turns out that
context 3: then I talked to my professors about it . I was

term: hearts
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: heart
context 1: awful gurgles after eating hemp hearts ?
context 2: from Hungryroot with hulled hemp hearts . I did read online
context 3: were jumping around singing their hearts out , but I was

term: Burpday
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: burpday
context 1: Tomorrow is my Burpday !
context 2: Burpday - Part I
context 3: Burpday - Part II

term: MCDS
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: mcds
context 1: ) . The staff at MCDS and BVI are really remarkable
context 2: just a short drive from MCDS , and I took a
context 3: the procedure is tomorrow ( MCDS ) ! 🩷 Went out

term: Pittsburgh
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pittsburgh
context 1: MD today but stopping in Pittsburgh for the night to stay
context 2: stay with some friends near Pittsburgh for the night ) .
context 3: Doctors near Pittsburgh , PA ?

term: accompanying
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: accompanying
context 1: The ridiculous bloating and the accompanying pain experienced each day were
context 2: by eating softer foods and accompanying meals with sips of water
context 3: . You can image the accompanying vomiting noises are pretty inconvenient

term: Rick
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: rick
context 1: I always like to do Rick and Morty impressions and they
context 2: . Thanks so much ! Rick
context 3: ’s like to live with Rick from Rick & Morty ,

term: Nervous
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: nervous
context 1: the Shirley Oaks clinic . Nervous , excited , shrouded in
context 2: no where to go . Nervous about v*ing ( emetophobic )
context 3: my life for 36yrs . Nervous about the negative side effects

term: Re
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: re
context 1: schedule that next week . Re : dosing , she is
context 2: Re learning how to burp .
context 3: I agree ! Re their attorneys . I do

term: Dramamine
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: dramamine
context 1: at times . I keep Dramamine , ginger tablets , and
context 2: bloating and 1 - 2 Dramamine chewable for my nausea /
context 3: which is expected ( maybe Dramamine would ’ve been a better

term: coincided
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: coincide
context 1: times if a gurgle \*\* coincided with me singing a note
context 2: burp ?? This has also coincided with a period of zero
context 3: eat a normal amount that coincided with suddenly being able to

term: moaning
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: moan
context 1: eating , I get these moaning / gurgling movements of what
context 2: when I 'm breathing / moaning to much , I 've
context 3: Most nights he sleeps 1hour moaning and either coughing ( his

term: Moines
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: moines
context 1: with Dr. Bertroche in Des Moines on Wednesday ! What foods
context 2: Meeting with Des Moines , IA specialist today 🤞
context 3: with Dr. Schulte in Des Moines , Iowa at the Iowa

term: shook
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: shake
context 1: soda into my stomach , shook it up , and the
context 2: before so I was kinda shook haha , the rooms are
context 3: I wanted for dinner ( shook again ) I picked a

term: Aww
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: aww
context 1: All he said was “ Aww , come here ” and
context 2: Aww thanks . I am rooting
context 3: Aww I ’m so glad I

term: Jello
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: jello
context 1: woke up , and some Jello and pudding in the recovery
context 2: 're super soft ) . Jello , pudding , ice pops
context 3: the UK we 'd call Jello ' jelly ' , and

term: Waking
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: wake
context 1: were all pretty big . Waking up Wednesday I had a
context 2: in about 5 minutes . Waking up in recovery I felt
context 3: thought I would be . Waking up was tough but manageable

term: breastfeeding
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: breastfeeding
context 1: but rabeprazole when pregnant / breastfeeding ) which I must admit
context 2: I was pregnant and then breastfeeding . Anyway , my baby
context 3: pregnant . I ’m now breastfeeding my 6 month old .

term: Fiber
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: fiber
context 1: of plant variety after reading Fiber Fuelled and that ’s helped
context 2: and dependence on it . Fiber seems to just make it
context 3: consult with Dr Madden . Fiber optic Endoscopic Eval of Swallowing

term: psychologists
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: psychologist
context 1: / specialists , dieticians , psychologists and physical therapists who could
context 2: me to several psychiatrists and psychologists . Both psychiatrists believed I
context 3: age 8 . Ironically the psychologists were the only people who

term: B12
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: b12
context 1: ’d eaten , or my B12 deficiency flaring up a stomach
context 2: out I had a vitamin B12 deficiency , so I take
context 3: me to start taking vitamin B12 pills and iron supplements as

term: CO
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: co
context 1: goes ! ( Denver , CO )
context 2: appointment with a BOTOX ENT CO -DOCTOR who advised : -
context 3: Botox shots in Denver , CO during October last year and

term: TIMES
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: time
context 1: to REPLICATE IT ! MULTIPLE TIMES ! Ginger Ale was my
context 2: , but do it THREE TIMES ( reps ) , and
context 3: " PBBBBBBBBTBBBLLBBBBBBTTTTTTTTT " like FIFTEEN TIMES I sound like an all

term: machines
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: machine
context 1: , many times . Some machines even graph your heart rate
context 2: CPAP machines help me burp ?
context 3: and sell them in vending machines

term: insists
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: insist
context 1: is n’t surprising . Doc insists I have “ no physiological
context 2: talk to an ENT who insists on manometry ( currently on
context 3: doctor the acid reducers he insists I take are not the

term: rang
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: ring
context 1: did procedure , then just rang the hospital and booked in
context 2: I rang up today and I ’ve
context 3: so many of the stories rang so true to me .

term: reviewing
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: review
context 1: the morning so I was reviewing some no burp posts lol
context 2: / unit . I was reviewing my surgery cost breakdown and
context 3: swallow test and , after reviewing the results , Dr Karagama

term: Change
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: change
context 1: Patients and Fellow Clinicians : Change is in the air !
context 2: literally anything ? Burp . Change positions for any reason ?
context 3: Jain in Santa Clara KP. Change soca if needed . It

term: accused
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: accuse
context 1: I know I ’ll be accused of bulimia / purging when
context 2: my parents heard it and accused me of bulimia or something
context 3: are often vilified for or accused of smelling bad , having

term: warranted
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: warrant
context 1: need to feel it is warranted , •a referral does not
context 2: if they feel it 's warranted ( which it might not
context 3: when it 's not entirely warranted ...

term: intensifies
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: intensify
context 1: , hearing other people burp intensifies the physical pain . much
context 2: every time I eat which intensifies and becomes painful if I
context 3: after eating , it only intensifies and I get bloated .

term: sneezes
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: sneeze
context 1: feel a large sneeze / sneezes coming on or need to
context 2: Anyone have painful sneezes ?
context 3: Most of my sneezes are painful

term: Bergen
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: bergen
context 1: Norway who then was in Bergen . Jumping forward to december
context 2: I travelled from Oslo to Bergen . We then had a
context 3: up . We live in Bergen , Norway , and Haukeland

term: receptionists
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: receptionist
context 1: , nurses , porters , receptionists , everyone was great !
context 2: do there , and both receptionists did n't know but told
context 3: , cool anaesthetist , cool receptionists . I woke up with

term: Lo
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: lo
context 1: looked into it before . Lo and behold I come across
context 2: went for more tests . Lo and behold , I was
context 3: Lo siento . Yo veo no

term: injured
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: injure
context 1: nursing staff were terrible and injured me before the procedure .
context 2: I injured a nerve from kneeling to
context 3: when you ’re not physically injured is so demoralizing and really

term: minimizing
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: minimize
context 1: this stuff I listed in minimizing the gurgles today . 3
context 2: greatest percentage for success while minimizing the side effects . However
context 3: lifestyle changes could help with minimizing the gasid reflux so that

term: sang
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: sing
context 1: the nose trick where I sang a few tunes and he
context 2: into each nostril * I sang and read off some words
context 3: and ate right before I sang and did n’t have any

term: spiked
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: spike
context 1: in my throat and neck spiked from a 2 to almost
context 2: Since then my anxiety has spiked . It usually gets worse
context 3: with friends and had 3 spiked Topo chicos ( like white

term: Un
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: un
context 1: has , Swallowing Difficulty , Un - Controlled Burping , Reverse
context 2: on purpose and alliw it Un the beginning it may have
context 3: : Cry Co | Fair Un | Gee Us But it

term: stresses
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: stress
context 1: it relaxes the sphincter or stresses the diaphragm or something ?
context 2: The thing that stresses me out the most about
context 3: through college , and the stresses of life have been weighing

term: Allen
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: allen
context 1: with experience with Dr Jacqui Allen , Auckland , New Zealand
context 2: I contacted Dr. Jacqui Allen 's practice today to inquire
context 3: a Botox procedure with Dr. Allen ? If so , was

term: weakens
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: weaken
context 1: Over time , this pressure weakens the diaphragm , allowing part
context 2: stretch the muscle . That weakens it similar to botox ,
context 3: Once the LES weakens , especially when it 's

term: RPCD
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: rpcd
context 1: RPCD and vomiting
context 2: ’s to do with the RPCD
context 3: Does having IBS correlate with RPCD ?

term: compromised
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: compromise
context 1: probably means our LES gets compromised as well from all that
context 2: since the LES is still compromised acid is still able to
context 3: dating a slightly immune - compromised person at the time so

term: WEIRD
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: weird
context 1: . Anyway , burping is WEIRD and I definitely do n't
context 2: but ca n't . THE WEIRD NOISES . OH THE WEIRD
context 3: WEIRD NOISES . OH THE WEIRD WEIRD NOISES that come out

term: polyps
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: polyp
context 1: than average , benign stomach polyps NOT from long term PPI
context 2: mucus build - up or polyps , like that would be
context 3: any cancer , ulcers , polyps , diseases , absolutely nothing

term: ounces
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: ounce
context 1: is basically you drink 16 ounces of not great tasting laxative
context 2: you have to drink 32 ounces of water . Then you
context 3: hours with up to 16 ounces of clear liquid allowed no

term: MUSC
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: musc
context 1: Heading for my procedure at MUSC ! Very nervous but hoping
context 2: my own or up at MUSC in Charleston ) , and
context 3: So had 75 units at MUSC with Dr O’Rourke a week

term: bumps
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: bump
context 1: mouth * Lots of forehead bumps ( clears up if I
context 2: my lingual tonsils ( those bumps on the back of your
context 3: with the muscle and no bumps or things in the throat

term: flushed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: flush
context 1: : suddenly feeling hot , flushed , lightheaded , nauseated and
context 2: because all the air is flushed out of my butt instead
context 3: my cheeks are red and flushed and it ’s hot all

term: necks
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: neck
context 1: now too .. ( my necks always been very tight )
context 2: had the groaning in our necks , and I always assumed
context 3: people feel it in their necks . Is this what you

term: chiropractors
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: chiropractor
context 1: have also posted that visiting chiropractors did n't help at all
context 2: movements or adjustments like with chiropractors though ( I do n't
context 3: ( I do n't recommend chiropractors whatsoever and would urge anyone

term: pursued
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pursue
context 1: Has anyone pursued or found treatment in Portland
context 2: mentioned his name had never pursued him . On the 30th
context 3: was normal and I never pursued it again . I have

term: provoking
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: provoke
context 1: ) will be incredibly anxiety provoking for me . Anyone else
context 2: it gets worse in anxiety provoking situations and all I can
context 3: no increase in pressure when provoking a burp , patients with

term: Gave
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: give
context 1: like R - CPD . Gave me a really good explanation
context 2: from Dr. Bastian Institute - Gave me a choice of 2
context 3: floor and checked in . Gave them the Botox bottle and

term: Number
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: number
context 1: , on 24/04/2024 , Reference Number 2024 FULL 19553 .
context 2: purposes only . Data collector Number : 1 We are grateful
context 3: , on 24/04/2024 , Reference Number 2024 FULL 19553 .

term: licensed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: license
context 1: It ’s crazy that a licensed ENT can say , yes
context 2: it needs to be a licensed professional . Like what doctor
context 3: come from only PTs are licensed perform any kind of adjustment

term: Arkansas
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: arkansas
context 1: got a cost estimate from Arkansas children 's hospital for $
context 2: short ... I 'm in Arkansas ... And I 'm being
context 3: anyone in this group from Arkansas ( even better if you

term: Tiny
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: tiny
context 1: sentence out without one . Tiny ones that do n’t offer
context 2: ca n’t eat anything . Tiny bites , soft foods ,
context 3: but not too painful . Tiny prick upon needle entering ,

term: Speigel
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: speigel
context 1: from Botox therapy with Dr Speigel / Philadelphia
context 2: for tomorrow morning with Dr. Speigel and I ’m super nervous
context 3: big decision . Dr. Joesph Speigel works in the Otolaryngology /

term: downs
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: down
context 1: many months of ups and downs where I felt like I
context 2: the surgery 's ups and downs , as well as the
context 3: going to have ups and downs and pros and cons ,

term: Bloat
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: bloat
context 1: to the Olly Beat the Bloat ones
context 2: seen the Olly Beat the Bloat ones but cant get them
context 3: Drumming the Bloat from noburp

term: experiments
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: experiment
context 1: I definitely recommend doing some experiments with your carbs !!
context 2: Dr Bastian proves with his experiments . That should come as
context 3: then I start " the experiments " :D I was able

term: tearing
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: tear
context 1: hopeless gags , my eyes tearing up , strong spasms across
context 2: of my entire life comes tearing out , startling me and
context 3: ever felt ( worse than tearing my ACL ) . Anything

term: Mondino
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: mondino
context 1: in - office at IRCCS Mondino Foundation Neurological Institute , Via
context 2: Foundation Neurological Institute , Via Mondino , 2 , 27100 Pavia
context 3: in - office at IRCCS Mondino Foundation Neurological Institute , Via

term: bracing
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: brace
context 1: is worse and I was bracing myself for a more extreme
context 2: a small burp by abdominal bracing at the right time .
context 3: with throat positions , abdominal bracing , etc . Good luck

term: CDP
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: cdp
context 1: Impact of R - CDP on weight
context 2: confident he has R - CDP . He has the typical
context 3: sure I have R - CDP syndrom , never burped ,

term: gassed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: gass
context 1: . If i am that gassed up and my internals are
context 2: as these can leave me gassed up for days . **
context 3: down the throat when heavily gassed ?

term: 20,000
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: 20000
context 1: Canada > I ’ve seen 20,000 patients and never heard of
context 2: 're charging me over $ 20,000 before insurance !! Does this
context 3: ! I 've always done 20,000 searches on ChatGPT to try

term: accommodations
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: accommodation
context 1: forced me to get disability accommodations at school , and took
context 2: procedure itself as well as accommodations if needed . Thank you
context 3: I can get disability or accommodations at work with diagnoses most

term: favorites
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: favorite
context 1: can get some of my favorites back :' )
context 2: cabbage , one of my favorites 😭😭 ) I IMMEDIATELY got
context 3: recommend enjoying some of your favorites ( staying away from crunchy

term: Zyrtec
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: zyrtec
context 1: started micro burping after taking Zyrtec
context 2: doctor suggested I start taking Zyrtec and an antacid to help
context 3: me more gurgly but the Zyrtec actually helped me start microburping

term: clearer
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: clear
context 1: , I got a much clearer , louder burp . One
context 2: this surgery to get a clearer understanding .
context 3: and will give you a clearer picture of what symptoms are

term: yoghurts
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: yoghurt
context 1: for 3 days , cherry yoghurts , peach yoghurts , corn
context 2: , cherry yoghurts , peach yoghurts , corn , broccoli ,
context 3: avocados , smoked salmon , yoghurts , pasta ICECREAM !!! Have

term: combinations
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: combination
context 1: through the day with different combinations of light headedness , blurry
context 2: then there are just certain combinations of foods that cause it
context 3: 've tried a bunch of combinations but it always ends up

term: socializing
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: socializing
context 1: have to give up on socializing or your actual dreams .
context 2: ca n't handle intimacy or socializing because you feel like you
context 3: n’t go anywhere that requires socializing without having a water bottle

term: Velasquez
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: velasquez
context 1: I reached out to Dr. Velasquez on FB and asked if
context 2: team of doctors that Dr. Velasquez has assembled was highly professional
context 3: what Google says . Dr. Velasquez and his team fees :

term: exiting
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: exite
context 1: n't think the gas is exiting the mouth . On another
context 2: but with no actual air exiting through the mouth . This
context 3: something related to the fluids exiting my stomach trying to make

term: Oesophagus
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: oesophagus
context 1: to stop the procedure . Oesophagus was normal and healthy though
context 2: a condition called Barrett 's Oesophagus . Barrett 's itself can
context 3: those that have Barrett 's Oesophagus compared to those that do

term: J’ai
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: j’ai
context 1: et je dois ravaler . J’ai l’impression que du coup je
context 2: Bonjour , J’ai découvert l’existence du R -
context 3: si ça va marcher … J’ai vu qu’il y a le

term: collected
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: collect
context 1: , or you did already collected and evaluated all these data
context 2: burped in my entire life collected , so yes , even
context 3: and until more data is collected we wo nt know much

term: Chyme
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: chyme
context 1: breakdown etc ) . ' Chyme ' is the pulpy acidic
context 2: by product … breakdown of Chyme ... so this would be
context 3: to gas in colon . Chyme can contain varying amounts of

term: isolated
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: isolated
context 1: one hiccup , but numerous isolated hiccups throughout the day that
context 2: tell if it ’s an isolated issue
context 3: to do so only in isolated windows and with a lot

term: Laryngospasms
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: laryngospasms
context 1: anyone suffer from RCPD AND Laryngospasms ??? My throat is triggered
context 2: ’m curious anyone else have Laryngospasms too ?! I have a
context 3: to manage / talk . Laryngospasms . Could not drink even

term: Certainly
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: certainly
context 1: UCSF tomorrow for Botox ! Certainly anxious but he really seems
context 2: a remarkably successful treatment . Certainly wish I 'd learned that
context 3: needs to be investigated . Certainly worth experimenting with . And

term: Hm
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: hm
context 1: quiet and just said " Hm . We 'll set you
context 2: Hm the best way to describe
context 3: Hm … I did get shortness

term: Rest
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: rest
context 1: one minute each rep . Rest between each rep for one
context 2: a lot to him . Rest in peace Jack , my
context 3: for the shaker exercise . Rest for at least 1 minute

term: UHC
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: uhc
context 1: I have UHC for students and I was
context 2: wondering if anyone has used UHC at all for their botox
context 3: state ? I have a UHC PPO in VA and I

term: PubMed
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pubmed
context 1: Systematic Review * ” * PubMed : [ https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11474230/](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11474230/) * Full
context 2: and Treatment * ” * PubMed : [ https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC6572913/](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC6572913/) * Full
context 3: of the time ) * PubMed : [ https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC7325547/](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC7325547/) * Full

term: Zhao
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: zhao
context 1: think his name was Dr Zhao ? He was a younger
context 2: get a referral to Dr. Zhao . I appreciate your response
context 3: guy in Kamloops Dr. Kevin Zhao . I ’d like to

term: G.I.
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: g.i.
context 1: to consult with a different G.I. doc to see if they
context 2: Anytime we see a new G.I. doc , the first question
context 3: I ’ll slap the next G.I. doctor that starts with that

term: Anesthesiologist
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: anesthesiologist
context 1: . Avoid sticky things * Anesthesiologist and Dr. Richardson visited separately
context 2: \- Dr. Bastian and the Anesthesiologist both came in and talked
context 3: A few minutes later the Anesthesiologist came by and did the

term: cultures
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: culture
context 1: to their contact with bacterial cultures . After cutting carbohydrates quite
context 2: is mostly odorless , many cultures are n't super accepting of
context 3: ca n’t even get throat cultures , so doing a test

term: Pro
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pro
context 1: Pronounce your Dysfunction like a Pro
context 2: would drive ) — > Pro : Not expensive , I
context 3: hours by train — > Pro : cheapest option Con :

term: L.
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: l.
context 1: r/noburp community , I 'm L. , a 23 year old
context 2: in overcoming this beast , L.
context 3: W. Bastian MD , Melissa L. Smithson , MS , PA

term: Madden
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: madden
context 1: out to see Dr. Lyndsay Madden in Winston Salem . I
context 2: with diet , but Dr. Madden wanted to rule out any
context 3: my consult today with Dr Madden in NC . Did the

term: festivals
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: festival
context 1: who can go to music festivals or go out all day
context 2: and do drugs at music festivals ?
context 3: do it only during music festivals and it makes me feel

term: Une
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: une
context 1: et injection en interne ? Une idée du coût aussi ?
context 2: avez - vous reçu ? Une seule dose ? Et avez
context 3: avez - vous reçu ? Une seule dose ? Et avez

term: Supragastric
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: supragastric
context 1: have air trapping . • Supragastric burping - I ’ve had
context 2: have air trapping . • Supragastric burping - I ’ve had
context 3: belching vents the stomach . Supragastric vents nothing just makes noises

term: RIP
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: rip
context 1: few foods for me , RIP kielbasa ) . * Some
context 2: ready to let some burps RIP 😎 Any tips for making
context 3: <3 <3 <3 Let em RIP !!!!!!

term: headphones
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: headphone
context 1: my mic when I use headphones on a video call .
context 2: I appreciate my noise canceling headphones and blasting music most of
context 3: but I just put my headphones in and pretend like I

term: Les
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: les
context 1: avoir trouvé ce subreddit . Les gênes et les douleurs que
context 2: n'ont rien révélé d'exceptionnel . Les médecins ont finalement accepté de
context 3: who works specifically on the Les . It ’s a bariatric

term: plants
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: plant
context 1: zero . For me , plants and bread have an inflammatory
context 2: of folks feel better on plants .
context 3: phytic acids and oxylates in plants . Biologically we are a

term: Explain
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: explain
context 1: particularly the sub wiki . Explain that the route in the
context 2: give AXA a call . Explain you ’d like to see
context 3: That 's fantastic ! Explain a little further for me

term: Geneid
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: geneid
context 1: to look up is Ahmed Geneid in HUS . He also
context 2: doctor in Helsinki ( Ahmed Geneid ) used to work there
context 3: . His name is Ahmed Geneid , he 's the head

term: YMMV
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: ymmv
context 1: YMMV , but try to always
context 2: lady on the internet , YMMV < 3 love you alllll
context 3: , so I am sure YMMV . I ’ve wondered how

term: elevating
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: elevate
context 1: sleep on my stomach without elevating my upper body .
context 2: Sounds weird ... Have fun elevating your butt !
context 3: If you end up only elevating your head it can actually

term: Heb
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: heb
context 1: Zeker weten ! Heb al een prik gehad 28
context 2: eetpatroon om te draaiien . Heb jij al boertjes gehad ?
context 3: Heb je wel last van slow

term: Flip
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: flip
context 1: lower . The Endo - Flip test showed esophageal spasms lower
context 2: My Endo - Flip test results were Hypertensive LES
context 3: test called the Endo - Flip . It showed spasticity of

term: Vous
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: vous
context 1: Vous n’avez eu qu’une seule dose
context 2: vous continuez de roter ? Vous aviez eu combien d'unités ?
context 3: Bonjour , Vous aviez fait l'injection en cabinet

term: effets
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: effet
context 1: vous depuis l'intervention ? quels effets secondaires avez - vous ?
context 2: aujourd'hui concernant le RCPD et effets secondaires après le botox ?
context 3: aujourd'hui concernant le RCPD et effets secondaires après le botox ?

term: refeeding
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: refeeding
context 1: the fatty liver due to refeeding ( my liver enzymes went
context 2: the struggle with bloating during refeeding really fits the bill in
context 3: concern myself with now is refeeding in a mindful way .

term: PRAL
frequency: 9
lemmatized_to: pral
context 1: that regard was * negative PRAL * foods , which consisted
context 2: foods with no respect to PRAL . It seems much like
context 3: in the long term . PRAL is how much acid will

term: UGH
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: ugh
context 1: I had food poisoning . UGH . Anyone else ?
context 2: technically Day 1 , but UGH . There ’s so much
context 3: NOISES UGH

term: Surprisingly
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: surprisingly
context 1: every beer or soda . Surprisingly I started to burp without
context 2: myself being overly cautious . Surprisingly coffee seems to be quite
context 3: have to not panic . Surprisingly when I finally burp I

term: Negative
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: negative
context 1: ultrasound : Fine Parasites : Negative Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth :
context 2: Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth : Negative H. Pylori : Negative Upper
context 3: : Negative H. Pylori : Negative Upper endoscopy : Found small

term: intriguing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: intrigue
context 1: curious , it seems really intriguing . I ’ve never heard
context 2: tried hydrotalcite ? it seems intriguing , patients used it and
context 3: those getting botox , and intriguing to those who have similar

term: Done
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: do
context 1: mainstream medicine . Edit : Done ! What an easy surgery
context 2: , GERD , LPR … Done it all . Endoscopies ,
context 3: day , full anesthesia . Done by dr. Snelleman . Day

term: nonburpers
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: nonburper
context 1: some tips and tricks you nonburpers use to deal or cope
context 2: Bangkok Doctor for nonburpers around Thailand
context 3: So what say you fellow nonburpers , is this a thing

term: Clinical
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: clinical
context 1: send a letter to my Clinical Commissioning Group to ask permission
context 2: Clinical features and pathophysiology of belching
context 3: written to my local NHS Clinical Commissioning Group ( CCG )

term: CHANGING
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: changing
context 1: ) . It was LIFE CHANGING ! Buuuuuuut before I did
context 2: procedure . Seriously , LIFE CHANGING . Some background , I
context 3: a day now . LIFE CHANGING . Edit : today marks

term: Americans
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: american
context 1: ( or soccer to you Americans ) and afterwards I ’m
context 2: fellow Canadians and low income Americans to get the procedure .
context 3: ( popsicle for you north Americans ) this was helpful .

term: minimized
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: minimize
context 1: the pandemic with social contact minimized , will hopefully be a
context 2: fodmap diet and while that minimized symptoms a bit it never
context 3: doc at least kind of minimized the swallowing issue and I

term: rolls
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: roll
context 1: poor choice of eating pizza rolls for lunch which may have
context 2: burp ! My partner just rolls his eyes when i say
context 3: component . The gas just rolls up my throat and comes

term: croakers
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: croaker
context 1: Greetings , fellow croakers !
context 2: burping . Solidarity , fellow croakers !
context 3: do you fellow croakers use any sort of tablet

term: ruptured
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: rupture
context 1: it until one day it ruptured , causing the worst chest
context 2: right after i got my ruptured appendix removed and since then
context 3: in the ER with a ruptured stomach . No one can

term: banging
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: bang
context 1: tv so I just started banging w my hand on the
context 2: raves which results in me banging my head back and forth
context 3: all , sorry to keep banging on about dentists ! It

term: stumped
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: stump
context 1: medical field and have been stumped for so long about what
context 2: going on and have even stumped a few colleagues ! I
context 3: . My doctors are absolutely stumped and I was wondering if

term: Timeline
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: timeline
context 1: talking about with noburp . Timeline : I had to go
context 2: My story + Timeline leading up to Botox Appt
context 3: What can I expect ? Timeline , roughly ? I have

term: Dew
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: dew
context 1: to Red Bull or Mountain Dew since they 're lightly carbonated
context 2: , applesauce and drank Mountain Dew and Sprite for the bubbles
context 3: . I had a Mountain Dew today . It was very

term: Surgical
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: surgical
context 1: ENT , Medicine , and Surgical specialists that week and told
context 2: I utilized Midwest for Day Surgical Center . They never told
context 3: , the staff at Jefferson Surgical Center was excellent . They

term: Pump
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pump
context 1: treated with PPI ’s Proton Pump Inhibitors ( Prilosec , Omeprazole
context 2: post - Now prescribed Proton Pump Inhibitors ...
context 3: She has prescribed me Proton Pump Inhibitors for the next month

term: addresses
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: address
context 1: I will need five email addresses of any supporters on here
context 2: either of the below email addresses : * [ solventi@mondino.it ]
context 3: are writing a document that addresses frequently asked questions about RCPD

term: NYE
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: nye
context 1: 's terrible . So last NYE ( 2017/2018 ) I was
context 2: !! After a completely ruined NYE party with my entire family
context 3: to have a drink on NYE ? Any advice would be

term: proceeding
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: proceed
context 1: ledge of the balcony and proceeding to vomit , I realized
context 2: shaker exercise ) . Before proceeding with operations I wanted to
context 3: swallow and manometry tests before proceeding with treatment . The barium

term: contests
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: contest
context 1: of carbonated beverages and have contests . I could barely stomach
context 2: end . If there was contests for the amount of farts
context 3: whole family would have burping contests . Never realizing it was

term: Etc
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: etc
context 1: Well come on then . Etc . I told them i
context 2: Stay sedentary too long , Etc . All these are similar
context 3: I ’m eating toast . Etc ) which is good .

term: versed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: vers
context 1: I ’m pretty much well versed in different ways to stop
context 2: did not seem well - versed in R - CPD or
context 3: yesterday . He was well versed in this disorder and gave

term: TN
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: tn
context 1: looking for a doctor in TN or GA who knows about
context 2: Help finding doctor in TN
context 3: in or near Nashville , TN that I could reach out

term: trickles
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: trickle
context 1: jet fighter , and little trickles of vomit . I screamed
context 2: so instead it just slowly trickles out in a croaking groan
context 3: to be , and slowly trickles down into my stomach after

term: screamed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: scream
context 1: trickles of vomit . I screamed at the toilet bowl all
context 2: just came out . I screamed . I ’ve never been
context 3: My baby never burped and screamed for hours every night .

term: Minnesota
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: minnesota
context 1: can get the procedure in Minnesota ?
context 2: - a concerned mom in Minnesota
context 3: out there for anyone in Minnesota who is looking for a

term: pointers
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pointer
context 1: breathing and gave me some pointers in cases where I felt
context 2: had this done ? Any pointers for me ? I 'm
context 3: this and maybe have some pointers so that I do n't

term: Conclusion
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: conclusion
context 1: on his radar . ** Conclusion ** Unless you 're looking
context 2: im never ready for them Conclusion : i think the exercises
context 3: her burp calls . ## Conclusion I love how y’all describe

term: parked
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: park
context 1: I had cover from a parked car on the street .
context 2: As I emerged past the parked car I heard a couple
context 3: no burp symptoms . I parked my car and walked about

term: DAE
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: dae
context 1: DAE have frequent , painful hiccups
context 2: extremely lengthy & painful ? DAE have this ?
context 3: As a child , DAE make their siblings / friends

term: Additional
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: additional
context 1: " normal " . * Additional info : In the meantime
context 2: ( https://gyazo.com/09d74149f0e0251175f57584de2c9e74) &#x200B ; ** Additional Thoughts ** It was mentally
context 3: Internet ( Reddit ) . Additional patients self - presented when

term: spilled
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: spill
context 1: the botox had kind of spilled over into their left vocal
context 2: 'm embarrassed to say I spilled a bit of it on
context 3: of my fridge and liquid spilled out of my stomach .

term: curled
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: curl
context 1: when done with your legs curled up ) i 'm not
context 2: feel ok when I ’m curled up with a heating pad
context 3: also did not find myself curled up in a fetal position

term: proposed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: propose
context 1: . She 's Physiotherapist and proposed to me to try Foot
context 2: of the exercises and techniques proposed on this site . I
context 3: try in January , and proposed a higher dose to my

term: Googling
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: googl
context 1: I remember Googling my issue a couple years
context 2: no burp community , after Googling my issues during an especially
context 3: sleep etc so I started Googling supplements for bloat nonfood related

term: requirements
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: requirement
context 1: a powerlifter with great caloric requirements . I am stunned at
context 2: less travel and fewer pre-op requirements Doctor 2 is also the
context 3: and because there are minimal requirements for equipment and other professionals

term: Goodluck
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: goodluck
context 1: beer into the other glass Goodluck out there everyone , hope
context 2: , you can too ! Goodluck !!! :)
context 3: and done in payments . Goodluck !

term: Richmond
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: richmond
context 1: done at the Epworth in Richmond Australia with Dr Paul Paddle
context 2: https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/asi308/good\_news\_canadaontario/](https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/asi308/good_news_canadaontario/) ** Australia ** * Richmond ( Melbourne ) , Victoria
context 3: Anderson ** Australia ** * Richmond ( Melbourne ) , Victoria

term: filtered
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: filter
context 1: Disclaimer : this is all filtered through me so I 'll
context 2: least a half gallon of filtered water a day . I
context 3: I brought from home to filtered tap water here at work

term: Telling
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: tell
context 1: the throat . 19 . Telling people you ’re getting Botox
context 2: acid - reflux diagnosis . Telling me follow a low Fodmap
context 3: the throat . 19 . Telling people you had a procedure

term: inserts
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: insert
context 1: switching between shoe lifts and inserts to see what feels best
context 2: a shoe lift or shoe inserts I find myself feeling the
context 3: it sounds like he inserts a tube , and then

term: scammed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: scamm
context 1: sure they are n’t getting scammed . The background check is
context 2: I feel like I was scammed . Beware this guy and
context 3: feel like I ’m getting scammed at this point with the

term: advise
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: advice
context 1: worked does anyone have any advise so i can feel better
context 2: treatment now . Can anyone advise what the options are in
context 3: kid . What would you advise ? Is there any additional

term: reliving
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: relive
context 1: . It is n’t as reliving but it does provide some
context 2: burps to actually feel " reliving " or to notice a
context 3: fast and it was so reliving . Since December the botox

term: witnessed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: witness
context 1: any way but my dad witnessed it and confirmed it sounded
context 2: before , the poor custodian witnessed the whole thing and then
context 3: certain projectile vomiting incident i witnessed in kindergarten DURING LUNCH !!

term: 24hrs
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: 24hr
context 1: . The next morning ( 24hrs later ) I had my
context 2: It has n’t even been 24hrs yet but am feeling anxious
context 3: . On Friday ( just 24hrs after the procedure ) ,

term: sporting
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: sport
context 1: to concerts , movies , sporting events , etc had become
context 2: fun , like attending a sporting event , and I ’m
context 3: after a meal . Always sporting that little upper abdomen bump

term: Sort
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: sort
context 1: of the triggering causes . Sort of a blessing and a
context 2: find a clear cause . Sort of a bloated , pressurized
context 3: enough to take tylenol . Sort of have a lump feeling

term: Modified
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: modify
context 1: would need to book a Modified Barium Swallow with our Speech
context 2: did the endoscopy and a Modified barium swallow study to make
context 3: right midpole renal angiomyolipoma * Modified Barium Swallow Test – Supports

term: bucks
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: buck
context 1: I feel like a million bucks .
context 2: time so I paid 159 bucks to get a rapid PCR
context 3: and feel like a million bucks and go back out to

term: spewing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: spew
context 1: stop stomach acid from constantly spewing into my mouth .
context 2: a little bit of bubbles spewing out . My burp at
context 3: to the embarrassment of air spewing

term: drooling
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: drool
context 1: on my own spit , drooling all over myself , and
context 2: have been a miserable , drooling , gurgling , emetophobic mess
context 3: , as I ’m not drooling throughout the day or anything

term: crushing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: crush
context 1: to go to A&E with crushing chest pain , they were
context 2: is kind of soul - crushing . On that note ,
context 3: experience a dull ( not crushing ) sensation in the left

term: Name
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: name
context 1: Noburb Name
context 2: to ' gurgling ' . Name - " Dr. Bastian "
context 3: Absolutely ! My specialist : Name : Turid Brokke Omland Hospital

term: prolonged
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: prolonged
context 1: having the gurgles for a prolonged amount of time ? I
context 2: burps , or as once prolonged quiet burp . I can
context 3: immediately , or the long prolonged muffled burp . However ,

term: complains
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: complain
context 1: 26 inches around . He complains of lower GI pain ,
context 2: type noises that everyone here complains about . The question is
context 3: with that . If anyone complains then you could explain that

term: retched
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: retch
context 1: the past and have even retched up stomach acid . I
context 2: about 9 , i ’ve retched a couple times since when
context 3: got the stomach flu and retched really hard and it hurt

term: gaslighting
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: gaslight
context 1: I 've sort of been gaslighting myself that maybe I 've
context 2: but then spent ages lowkey gaslighting me into agreeing that im
context 3: medical answers except for doctors gaslighting me into thinking I should

term: upping
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: uppe
context 1: of the problem , just upping my dosage and leaving it
context 2: last time . I am upping my carbonation intake but it
context 3: champ ! He ’s been upping his carbonation since last month

term: 3,000
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: 3000
context 1: Botox jab that costs £ 3,000 , then that is something
context 2: it was less than $ 3,000 total cost . I was
context 3: The whole thing was about 3,000 something ( ca n’t remember

term: Reglan
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: reglan
context 1: have ever had is from Reglan , which I took for
context 2: hours since I ate . Reglan has been helping with this
context 3: . However after starting on Reglan and time , things gradually

term: gurlges
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: gurlge
context 1: always get these weird throat gurlges or like hiccup , but
context 2: with water which creates more gurlges so I 'm hoping these
context 3: Tips to reduce gurlges

term: SAME
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: same
context 1: realized it sounds EXACTLY THE SAME to what I 've been
context 2: updating . UPDATE 1 : SAME DAY Just got out of
context 3: . UPDATE 2 : LATER SAME DAY I drank a beer

term: GE
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: ge
context 1: lack of awareness in the GE community about being unable to
context 2: after some hassle with a GE I decided to try the
context 3: chest pains but when the GE called me , they said

term: Referral
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: referral
context 1: is how to get a Referral from your doctor to do
context 2: hope helps !! Getting the Referral I got lucky with my
context 3: ’s that treats on NHS Referral ( I think they ’re

term: Yael
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: yael
context 1: live quite close to Dr. Yael Bensoussan so I could probably
context 2: . I went to Dr. Yael Bensoussan and she said she
context 3: had botox done with Dr. Yael Bensoussan in Tampa ?

term: disappearing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: disappear
context 1: a year ago they started disappearing for periods of time .
context 2: without most of my symptoms disappearing ( then he told me
context 3: nausea and feeling like i disappearing somewhere until I push myself

term: Chad
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: chad
context 1: or similar situations ? - Chad
context 2: to referred me to Dr. Chad Whited at Austin ENT Clinic
context 3: very good experience with Dr. Chad Whited at Austin ENT Clinic

term: stabbed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: stab
context 1: and it felt like someone stabbed me in the stomach .
context 2: feel like you 're being stabbed from the inside to anyone
context 3: like someone who was just stabbed in the stomach . I

term: simpler
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: simple
context 1: botox procedure to me in simpler terms ? how long is
context 2: . Though I miss the simpler times , this is my
context 3: cricopharyngeus dysfunction , or in simpler terms just “ no burp

term: Uni
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: uni
context 1: writing for one of my Uni classes and I ’ve just
context 2: than when I went to Uni and used to sit in
context 3: prospective ) ** ( Columbia Uni , NY ) ” *

term: disheartened
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: dishearten
context 1: . I 'm currently feel disheartened ( probably sooner than necessary
context 2: all , I ’m pretty disheartened , I had 50units last
context 3: . I 'm kind of disheartened because I thought i finally

term: grosses
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: gross
context 1: allllll day long and it grosses me out !
context 2: all the time and it grosses people out since they sound
context 3: " and the gas smells grosses me out . Even thinking

term: qualified
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: qualify
context 1: Has anyone qualified for paid medical leave for
context 2: ENT surgeon , and not qualified to do any procedure ,
context 3: I would at least be qualified to do that ) .

term: Bro
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: bro
context 1: the waiting time is . Bro I do n’t even know
context 2: it ’ll go away . Bro I live with this shit
context 3: , can you burp ? Bro the look on her face

term: cakes
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: cake
context 1: a hard time getting pan cakes passed the esophagus . It
context 2: her in Amsterdam eating space cakes and it helped her !
context 3: I eat something sweet ( cakes , cookies ) . I

term: Chewing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: chew
context 1: with straw and 2 . Chewing with mouth open . This
context 2: Mouth breathing poll : https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/jcrc8w/cant_burp_myself_but_its_not_dibiliating_for_me/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share Chewing with your mouth open :
context 3: variety of local brews . Chewing Gum , because I apparently

term: xrays
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: xray
context 1: had an endoscopy . Countless xrays . I just ca n't
context 2: did a barium swallow and xrays and my doctor was eventually
context 3: pain and after taking some xrays they found that I have

term: mL
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: millileter
context 1: two thirds of a 500 mL bottle of fizzy water and
context 2: emetophobe . I got 60 mL in office because I really
context 3: one was after downing 220 mL of fizzy water . Any

term: specializing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: specialize
context 1: first appointment with an ENT specializing in R - CPD today
context 2: Process So Far * Pulmonologist specializing in sleep disorders * I
context 3: soon . * ENT doctor specializing in sleep disorders that worked

term: employed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: employ
context 1: . ( I ’m self employed so luckily set my own
context 2: where he used to be employed . There , his former
context 3: a burp , so I employed many different variables , and

term: facilities
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: facility
context 1: a new patient at more facilities than I can count .
context 2: to the list of healthcare facilities that are willing and able
context 3: bill for an £ 100 facilities charge . For the first

term: FDA
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: fda
context 1: , considering it ’s not FDA approved yet . I ’m
context 2: 2 is also not yet FDA approved and most likely wo
context 3: severe allergic reactions to the FDA between 89 and 03 .

term: accumulating
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: accumulate
context 1: a ton of thick mucus accumulating in my throat . It
context 2: I do n't feel them accumulating in my abdomen ) .
context 3: why and the gas is accumulating . I initially though Small

term: behaviours
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: behaviour
context 1: same . Theres other sh behaviours I do when the nausea
context 2: r/emetophobia as some of the behaviours it allows only make things
context 3: using these as “ safety behaviours ” and I learnt to

term: Waited
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: wait
context 1: there around 10:00 CST . Waited around until 10:30ish when a
context 2: Appointment day part deux : Waited in the lobby for quite
context 3: anti-nausea meds ) 7 . Waited for a while ( with

term: spinning
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: spinn
context 1: and my head has been spinning since .
context 2: a trash can , world spinning pleading to any god to
context 3: nauseous on roller coasters , spinning theme park rides , and

term: ranging
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: range
context 1: uncontrolled . My burps are ranging from loud proper belches to
context 2: . It hurt though , ranging from general discomfort to pretty
context 3: ’s my microburp count ( ranging from a tiny bubble pop

term: Learn
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: learn
context 1: Learn from my dumb post -
context 2: avoid regurgitation after Botox . Learn to squat instead of bending
context 3: of treatment / practice . Learn to air vomit when you

term: endured
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: endure
context 1: lmao , so I just endured it ... During the flight
context 2: . Despite the suffering I endured during my first recovery ,
context 3: fully understand the suffering I endured because of this condition .

term: Central
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: central
context 1: into finding a doctor in Central Iowa that treats it .
context 2: can not travel . # Central America & the Caribbean No
context 3: if you ’re in the Central Texas area !!

term: demanding
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: demand
context 1: ? I have a very demanding job . I told work
context 2: ? Does it get less demanding on the body ?
context 3: whoever can be a little demanding for that person , not

term: Peak
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: peak
context 1: for posterity . I contacted Peak ENT ( Dr. J Michael
context 2: mentioned that Dr. King with Peak ENT does the same procedure
context 3: went through Dr. King at Peak ENT in Golden + Broomfield

term: Send
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: send
context 1: weeks , 3 weeks . Send me DMs if you ’d
context 2: Send prayers . So many regrets
context 3: for 30 minutes . . Send me remedies !!!

term: conflicting
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: conflict
context 1: whatever , theres lots of conflicting info online whether the mewing
context 2: Is lower value better … conflicting data . For 2 .
context 3: I ’m the absence of conflicting symptoms / diagnoses , this

term: waved
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: wave
context 1: mate ” so I weakly waved at him and I was
context 2: again recently but he just waved it off . When I
context 3: big of reflux and just waved it off . Now I

term: stocked
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: stock
context 1: I 've got my fridge stocked with cans of pepsi max
context 2: went to the store and stocked up on yogurt and soup
context 3: wedge for sleeping and have stocked up on smoothie ingredients and

term: Gin
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: gin
context 1: actually have to drink . Gin & Tonic works well for
context 2: Just go for Gin or Vodka , those 2
context 3: anything mixed with pop . Gin an orange juice is another

term: shaken
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: shake
context 1: might have ' accidentally ' shaken or poured too fast before
context 2: . Obviously I was pretty shaken up and took a while
context 3: breathe . I was very shaken up by the end of

term: clenched
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: clench
context 1: have done - - I clenched my tummy , forced air
context 2: of air piercing through my clenched throat . Now I only
context 3: trying to keep the UES clenched to try to avoid the

term: excused
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: excuse
context 1: amount of times I 've excused myself to release some trapped
context 2: this day ) so I excused myself and on the way
context 3: , dad quietly belched and excused himself , and a few

term: Anti
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: anti
context 1: Anti -hiccup device . Might this
context 2: . They found nothing . Anti acid pills and tums do
context 3: Antibiotics – No improvement * Anti -Depressants / Anxiety treatment –

term: stimulates
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: stimulate
context 1: windpipe ) . Doing so stimulates at the same time the
context 2: reach the specific point that stimulates the diaphragm gently enough for
context 3: developed a simple exercise which stimulates the vagus with eye movements

term: ESPECIALLY
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: especially
context 1: extreme bloating in the stomach ESPECIALLY when drinking soda , pressure
context 2: drank a carbonated drink - ESPECIALLY beer - which would amplify
context 3: CONDONING OR ADVISING DRUG USE ESPECIALLY WITH DANGEROUS STREET DRUGS DO

term: volumes
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: volume
context 1: couple of times at different volumes , and make some high
context 2: , even when eating enormous volumes of food . I suspect
context 3: it impossible to drink large volumes of liquid . I have

term: USF
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: usf
context 1: luck until I came across USF Heath in Tampa . Dr.
context 2: lucked out and found out USF has a doctor doing the
context 3: are in FL , call USF . Dr. Abdel is great

term: 4,000
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: 4000
context 1: second treatment .. thats $ 4,000 dollars . If I had
context 2: denied ( costing me about 4,000 + ) because of not
context 3: idea it 's roughly $ 4,000 total ( this includes first

term: powers
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: power
context 1: have my now superhuman burping powers . I 've been posting
context 2: had other ... " Super powers " I called them .
context 3: i feel relax and my powers do n't comeback can you

term: TWO
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: two
context 1: day on this thread DAY TWO : woke up with an
context 2: that I realized I had TWO BEERS AND PIZZA and I
context 3: no esophageal problems . DAY TWO Ok so I feel like

term: THREE
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: three
context 1: of my throat . DAY THREE : IT HAPPENED !!! 10
context 2: Burp count : 1 DAY THREE Swallowing is difficult depending on
context 3: video , but do it THREE TIMES ( reps ) ,

term: Carbonation
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: carbonation
context 1: Unable to drink anything with Carbonation . Halted all Soda 's
context 2: late in the process … Carbonation gets discussed a lot and
context 3: life on one hand . Carbonation does n't make me burp

term: cracks
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: crack
context 1: excessive back cracks & no burp
context 2: roll on my back it cracks like crazy . Sometimes I
context 3: comes out and her voice cracks . Her singing sounds bad

term: Munich
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: munich
context 1: CPD treatment with botox in Munich ( Klinikum Großhadern )
context 2: to call Klinikum Großhadern in Munich and contact the “ Phoniatrie
context 3: our anniversary we stopped in Munich and made plans to have

term: routes
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: route
context 1: others have gone all those routes and nothing was found .
context 2: Dr Karagama as two potential routes . My partner has never
context 3: He offers both routes , so yes , I

term: raging
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: rage
context 1: too fast I have a raging coughing fit . I 'm
context 2: you were about to have raging diarrhea but once you go
context 3: i ’m about to have raging diarrhea , running to the

term: lessening
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: lessen
context 1: mini burps seem to be lessening . I ’m feeling a
context 2: is now burping experienced a lessening in their physical anxiety symptoms
context 3: like my burps are still lessening but I 'm burping more

term: caffeinated
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: caffeinated
context 1: Anyone know of any good caffeinated drinks without carbonation / fizz
context 2: love and also keeps me caffeinated . Overall everything went really
context 3: new hobbies which is drinking caffeinated tea . That unfortunately is

term: ENTIRE
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: entire
context 1: missing out on this my ENTIRE LIFE . Finally feeling close
context 2: is truly the reason my ENTIRE GI tract fought me for
context 3: couple of days where my ENTIRE body felt like I just

term: Antonio
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: antonio
context 1: them was located in San Antonio . ( I 'm from
context 2: San Antonio botox / physician ?
context 3: Dr. Jennifer Bergeron in San Antonio , they gave me Dr.

term: bobbing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: bob
context 1: Lol ! 1 . Head bobbing . Stick your head forward
context 2: also be using your head bobbing and chest pounding motion to
context 3: imagine a huge air bubble bobbing up in my body as

term: SINGLE
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: single
context 1: The SINGLE downfall to getting the Botox
context 2: formally discovered , that EVERY SINGLE SYMPTOM listed for it I
context 3: the hiccups . EVERY . SINGLE . TIME . I do

term: -burpers
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: -burper
context 1: all 3 children are no -burpers oddly enough .
context 2: noises " that we no -burpers get in our throat ,
context 3: [ 37 % of non -burpers who have been pregnant said

term: planks
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: plank
context 1: style exercise ( burpees , planks , pilates , downward dog
context 2: struggle to breathe while doing planks or other core strengthening exercises
context 3: that while I 'm doing planks and superman stretches and push

term: Hypersalivation
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: hypersalivation
context 1: vomiting to fix this - Hypersalivation which affects my breathing quite
context 2: - Pressure in chest - Hypersalivation !!! Usually happens if I
context 3: a million tiny ones . Hypersalivation : when I get in

term: slipping
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: slip
context 1: * Sometimes they are still slipping out unintentionally , when talking
context 2: onset of cold sweats and slipping in and out of conciousness
context 3: just felt like little accidents slipping out . And now this

term: Bispebjerg
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: bispebjerg
context 1: this and was referred to Bispebjerg Hospital , in Copenhagen (
context 2: met with a doctor at Bispebjerg , who said that he
context 3: stick with the doctor at Bispebjerg , I have also reached

term: measurements
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: measurement
context 1: bit of tension in their measurements , and that they had
context 2: manometry studies ( pressure sensation measurements in the esophagus ) mentioned
context 3: about morning vs night body measurements and it blew my mind

term: Leaving
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: leave
context 1: ** After the procedure ** Leaving the hospital , I was
context 2: nauseous half way through ! Leaving the party feeling normal and
context 3: Leaving a comment because I ’m

term: muffins
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: muffin
context 1: dry stuff like bread , muffins , etc without having to
context 2: , or cranberry , blueberry muffins with cream cheese , and
context 3: I ’m unsure if these muffins are safe , so I

term: writes
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: write
context 1: years , but I have writes of time where it ’s
context 2: something else , so he writes up all these different tests
context 3: . And if your doctor writes CPD instead of R -

term: Soy
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: soy
context 1: WhatsApp para compartir experiencias . Soy un noburper desde que nací
context 2: that I ’m intolerant to Soy and Eggs which I have
context 3: Soy can be a big trigger

term: teased
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: tease
context 1: My husband has always teased me about how I never
context 2: , I would always get teased as a child because I
context 3: my life I have been teased and not understood by anyone

term: aspirating
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: aspirate
context 1: read about , especially about aspirating and choking ! More than
context 2: hiccups - occasional choking ( aspirating ? ) , especially when
context 3: and have found myself ** aspirating ** said drinks more often

term: Rochester
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: rochester
context 1: doctor recommendations in or around Rochester NY , plz let me
context 2: know of a Dr in Rochester , NY who treats this
context 3: with Dr. Michael Haben in Rochester , NY for anyone looking

term: botoxers
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: botoxer
context 1: For post - botoxers : when did you stop
context 2: news with a question for botoxers
context 3: any of you post - botoxers have tips for easing the

term: Facility
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: facility
context 1: UMR Denied Facility Fee for Botox
context 2: for the surgery , and Facility NPI for the hospital .
context 3: | Surgery - Use of Facility |$ 18,910 |$ 17,184 |

term: Enough
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: enough
context 1: a 4 k bill . Enough to choke on .
context 2: medications , etc ) . Enough was enough . Dr. Lerner
context 3: years of this crap . Enough about me . My question

term: Previous
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: previous
context 1: :) Unsuscribed r/noburp Edit : Previous Post : [ https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/kd65dq/my\_noburp\_life/](https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/kd65dq/my_noburp_life/)
context 2: Hi all , [ Previous post . ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/8znxlu/12day_update_postbotox_canada_you_can_have_this/)
context 3: let the burps loose . Previous to this it felt as

term: EXTREME
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: extreme
context 1: are like THIS IS AN EXTREME CONDITION THAT YOU WILL BE
context 2: that capability of benching . EXTREME shakers exercise . This is
context 3: by saying I am an EXTREME emetephobe . Have been for

term: achieving
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: achieve
context 1: throat . Other than that achieving the desired result . Very
context 2: leaving your body . So achieving a standard " burp "
context 3: feels better ) . Even achieving that was hard and I

term: gnawing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: gnaw
context 1: . This can cause a gnawing , burning sensation in the
context 2: Last year I developed a gnawing hunger - like pain in
context 3: still a thing and the gnawing hunger is returning . Can

term: Pls
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pls
context 1: to finally fix this . Pls leave success stories to make
context 2: wage war on me ?? Pls help
context 3: throat . Thank you ! Pls give me tips on how

term: EVEN
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: even
context 1: ca n’t tolerate it . EVEN VODKA WATERS ! It ’s
context 2: financial commitments lol 3 . EVEN IF your insurance covers it
context 3: with my mouth closed , EVEN WHILE AT WORK . The

term: Want
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: want
context 1: Want h0t sEx ? Here womens
context 2: You Want Sexy Girl ? Here beautiful
context 3: Want Sexy g1rl ? Here wT_67gW__4zKFb

term: FROM
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: from
context 1: GOD I GOT MY DEGREES FROM THE BEST UNIVERSITIES FROM GREECE
context 2: DEGREES FROM THE BEST UNIVERSITIES FROM GREECE , EUROPE AND AMERICA
context 3: in which ** I MOVED FROM BOTTOM TO TOP THE "

term: depressors
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: depressor
context 1: - Temporary relief through tongue depressors
context 2: of individually wrapped sterile tongue depressors through Amazon . Admittedly ,
context 3: TLDR : buy some tongue depressors and keep them in your

term: showers
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: shower
context 1: humid temperatures ( this includes showers , a lot of the
context 2: flat on back * Hot showers * Holding my breath to
context 3: Hot showers make me air vomit /

term: fullest
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: full
context 1: enjoy our vacation to the fullest due to the dread and
context 2: actually living life to the fullest . &#x200B ; If anyone
context 3: your lungs are at their fullest point . Head position plays

term: Orange
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: orange
context 1: Orange juice makes me feel better
context 2: Orange County , CA
context 3: like ( currently Sprite and Orange Crush are in the lead

term: gaps
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: gap
context 1: burps that come out in gaps as I move my head
context 2: the same except I had gaps where nothing was happening .
context 3: Do gaps between meals affect noburp ?

term: Wife
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: wife
context 1: ! Tl ; Dr : Wife and I took an anniversary
context 2: couch to not annoy my Wife . I 've also noticed
context 3: weeks ago and today the Wife and I booked our tickets

term: examined
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: examine
context 1: a gastro specialist and they examined the inside of my stomach
context 2: . Has anyone else been examined for this ? What did
context 3: . During the appt he examined my mouth / throat and

term: Current
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: current
context 1: Button | Poll Options | Current Vote Count | |:-----------:|:------------:|:------------| |**[
context 2: Button | Poll Options | Current Vote Count | |:-----------:|:------------:|:------------| |**[
context 3: drink tea / coffee . Current diet is otherwise fairly good

term: Count
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: count
context 1: Poll Options | Current Vote Count | |:-----------:|:------------:|:------------| |**[ Vote ]
context 2: ---- ** Note :** Vote Count in this post will be
context 3: Poll Options | Current Vote Count | |:-----------:|:------------:|:------------| |**[ Vote ]

term: Vomica
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: vomica
context 1: Alcohol / Drugs ( Nux Vomica 30c , Dexilant , Magic
context 2: : Homeopathic medicine called Nux Vomica 30c Summary : - the
context 3: a homeopathic medicine called Nux Vomica 30 c it is a

term: Stretch
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: stretch
context 1: sets each side + Neck Stretch for 30 seconds - Side
context 2: burps ) : 1 . Stretch your arms up , palms
context 3: normal burps : 1 . Stretch your arms up , palms

term: Body
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: body
context 1: Body frame - slim , medium
context 2: night and burped ALOT . Body 's are weird , helluva
context 3: Body Dysmorphia ?

term: heels
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: heel
context 1: Try to land on your heels more than toes , so
context 2: Got our Creator on Her heels Days spent navigating ailments we
context 3: but landing hard on my heels to give it a bump

term: PAINFUL
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: painful
context 1: it can also be REALLY PAINFUL if it happens if i
context 2: perfectly . I have massively PAINFUL gurgles that will happen almost
context 3: , our hiccups are ! PAINFUL ! hiccups , they started

term: MONTHS
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: months
context 1: peptalk … finally after 9 MONTHS WAITING TIME i am getting
context 2: , and this lasted for MONTHS . It made eating and
context 3: After waiting MONTHS for an appointment , Dr.

term: Summer
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: summer
context 1: had the Botox injection in Summer 2020 . I felt free
context 2: series of investigations over the Summer to explore whether I had
context 3: was anything to worry about Summer of 2022 I switched from

term: I.e.
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: i.e.
context 1: point of being unsociable ? I.e. would I have to avoid
context 2: they were the first time I.e. a bit of slow swallow
context 3: have a nice time ( I.e. not in bed feeling ill

term: seats
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: seat
context 1: impossible if there ’s no seats / booths . Toilet floors
context 2: edge of the rows of seats to be able to get
context 3: I 'll buy front row seats to get off the plane

term: Cincinnati
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: cincinnati
context 1: Friedman at UC Hospital in Cincinnati . I did n’t know
context 2: Friedman at UC Hospital in Cincinnati . I did n’t know
context 3: Aaron Friedman at University of Cincinnati Medical Center . Based on

term: atrophied
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: atrophy
context 1: my CP muscle was too atrophied to fit all 100 U
context 2: my cricopharyngeus muscle is just atrophied or some crap . I
context 3: guessing that even if it atrophied some you ’re going to

term: adopted
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: adopt
context 1: These are methods I ’ve adopted throughout the years and have
context 2: since hardly any doc has adopted this practice . She said
context 3: the person I am , adopted habits that minimise the symptoms

term: WITHOUT
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: without
context 1: IT IS AMAZING LIVING LIFE WITHOUT NAUSEA ! the slightest thing
context 2: also did a throat dilation WITHOUT MY PERMISSION and I was
context 3: a throat dilation was done WITHOUT my permission ) and the

term: communicating
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: communicate
context 1: , efficient , great at communicating what to expect , and
context 2: few days / weeks after communicating with the clinic i had
context 3: same e-mail that I am communicating with . They are both

term: Inhaling
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: inhal
context 1: ( Esophagus breathing ) , Inhaling through my nose stops that
context 2: Inhaling meds , vapes , etc.
context 3: instead of multiple inhales . Inhaling smoke causes you to swallow

term: owed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: owe
context 1: upfront so now my total owed next week is $ 1,500
context 2: a pending $ 3400 amount owed and now it shows as
context 3: around $ 2400 and I owed $ 20 . I thought

term: 1,500
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: 1500
context 1: owed next week is $ 1,500 on top of travel fees
context 2: and Medicare \ ~ $ 1,500 ) ** Day 1 Procedure
context 3: injection sites ( ~ $ 1,500 for the specialist and day

term: Cricothyroid
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: cricothyroid
context 1: ** you can see the Cricothyroid muscle ( which tilts the
context 2: because shakers exercise strengthens the Cricothyroid muscle . The Cricothyroid muscle
context 3: the Cricothyroid muscle . The Cricothyroid muscle holds the cricoid cartilage

term: Ativan
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: ativan
context 1: Anyone else burp from Ativan ??
context 2: Zainab Bakhsh , prescribed me Ativan for before the procedure which
context 3: no nausea meds help except Ativan . One doctor noted I

term: categories
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: category
context 1: person or the most affordable categories . If you have had
context 2: also breaks FODMAP into 5 categories and treats them like an
context 3: that only one or 2 categories are a big problem for

term: GW
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: gw
context 1: botox procedure tomorrow morning ( GW Hospital with Dr. B )
context 2: from Doctor Steven Bielamowicz at GW on Thursday . He ’s
context 3: up with Dr B in GW Hospital ( he did my

term: divided
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: divide
context 1: today she put 100 ml divided on both sides of my
context 2: how many injections that was divided over ) and that my
context 3: , I had 50 botox divided into 4 injections . I

term: averaging
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: average
context 1: without a burp , but averaging probably a burp every 2
context 2: this time I ’d be averaging between 1 - 2 micro
context 3: received a quote from him averaging around $ 3000 NZD which

term: enrolled
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: enroll
context 1: will be provided for individuals enrolled in the study . Inclusion
context 2: * Not ** currently ** enrolled in psychiatric treatment ( i.e.
context 3: * Not ** currently ** enrolled in psychiatric treatment ( i.e.

term: grasping
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: grasp
context 1: with air ) ? Just grasping at straws here , so
context 2: ’s seems to be literally grasping for air , her eyes
context 3: totally understand I could be grasping at straws here .

term: transitioning
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: transition
context 1: over with because I 'm transitioning to a new job that
context 2: 'm doing good and likely transitioning to more normal burps rather
context 3: anyone have any experience with transitioning from these loud turning -

term: relived
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: relive
context 1: sleep . I ’m so relived to finally have some hope
context 2: had many misdiagnosis . So relived to have found this group
context 3: the procedure I was very relived . The next day I

term: qualifications
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: qualification
context 1: if you meet the following qualifications : * * Experience symptoms
context 2: if you meet the following qualifications : * * Experience symptoms
context 3: if you meet the following qualifications : * * Experience symptoms

term: IDK
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: idk
context 1: a change in gurgles ? IDK if its in my head
context 2: secs during conversation ) . IDK , I asked people if
context 3: been the same nurse ??? IDK ... drugs ) * My

term: unbuttoned
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: unbutton
context 1: Anybody else have their pants unbuttoned 24/7 ?
context 2: fitting shirts that hide my unbuttoned , and on occasion ,
context 3: to discover they ’re already unbuttoned . My friends and family

term: Jurjaan
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: jurjaan
context 1: getting the surgery by Dr. Jurjaan Snelleman in Amsterdam ?
context 2: Netherlands --- Amsterdam : Dr. Jurjaan Snelleman - source : myself
context 3: Netherlands --- Amsterdam : Dr. Jurjaan Snelleman - source : myself

term: pathologists
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pathologist
context 1: other Louisiana laryngologists and speech pathologists who were present on the
context 2: Speech - language pathologists
context 3: burp procedure . The speech pathologists that were assisting the doctor

term: Mass
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: mass
context 1: . Making a call to Mass Gen Boston tomorrow to beg
context 2: but I 'm on a Mass health plan and I just
context 3: ’s Dr. Matthew Naunheim @ Mass Eye & Ear

term: Details
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: detail
context 1: to read on . *** Details :*** I 'm 22 and
context 2: ’ve ever posted on Reddit Details : Stephen Schoeff Tacoma ,
context 3: top of the sub . Details : > Thank you to

term: cubes
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: cube
context 1: some ice cream and ice cubes . I also ate a
context 2: where I ate some ice cubes and drank water . After
context 3: and was given some ice cubes to munch on . Later

term: sneaking
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: sneak
context 1: are limited , alcohol is sneaking under my radar but has
context 2: Anyone else really good at sneaking farts in social situations ?
context 3: beyond , I was always sneaking off to “ air burp

term: toots
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: toot
context 1: Sleep toots
context 2: Flatulence , but mostly little toots throughout the day . No
context 3: super sick . * The toots . THE TOOTS . Oh

term: Markus
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: markus
context 1: Germany --- Hamburg : Dr. Markus Hess - source : [
context 2: Germany --- Hamburg : Dr. Markus Hess * United Kingdom ---
context 3: Prof. Markus Hess über das Leiden der

term: diluted
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: dilute
context 1: only did 50 units but diluted them in water so I
context 2: right now , even when diluted with water
context 3: digestive system , especially if diluted in water . You can

term: pics
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pic
context 1: be prepared for weird esophagus pics ) [ https://laryngopedia.com/r-cpd-esophageal-findings/](https://laryngopedia.com/r-cpd-esophageal-findings/) A few
context 2: extremely nice , showing me pics of her baby granddaughter and
context 3: ? First time ever seeing pics of the actual damage &

term: lights
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: light
context 1: Las Vegas and boom the lights went out . Now the
context 2: table , under the bright lights , last Monday , December
context 3: . Again , I was lights out when it happened and

term: PCD
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pcd
context 1: R- PCD caused by weakened diaphragm ?
context 2: websites that list R - PCD ( just to see if
context 3: PCP knew about R - PCD !!

term: detailing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: detail
context 1: 'd write a little post detailing the experience of the surgery
context 2: again . Bastian 's paper detailing the condition had been published
context 3: of posts here from people detailing their post - surgery recovery

term: demonstrates
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: demonstrate
context 1: Esophageal Manometry , that has demonstrates ** a strong hypertonia of
context 2: . Pharynx appears symmetric and demonstrates no abnormal pooling of contrast
context 3: over the past two years demonstrates that manometry testing could help

term: bearing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: bear
context 1: is unlikely to have any bearing on why you have unprovoked
context 2: . Secondly , I coming bearing good news ! Not long
context 3: I hold my breath while bearing down . Then instead of

term: Stockholm
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: stockholm
context 1: this , preferably in the Stockholm area ?
context 2: go about doing this in Stockholm ? Preferably free / cheap
context 3: botox procedure at Karolinska in Stockholm , Sweden ? I just

term: ABSOLUTELY
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: absolutely
context 1: fullness . Food is an ABSOLUTELY NOT when I 'm high
context 2: is my problem . It ABSOLUTELY is my problem . He
context 3: i assure you it is ABSOLUTELY worth it . do the

term: Halloween
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: halloween
context 1: understand . <3 And Happy Halloween !
context 2: I go ! Just before Halloween I will be there .
context 3: So on Halloween night one of my friends

term: meditating
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: meditate
context 1: is that while I was meditating , I had smoked a
context 2: shakers , air vomiting , meditating and feeling my neck muscles
context 3: ( tried breathing exercises , meditating , getting good sleep the

term: NSFW
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: nsfw
context 1: key for me ( shirtless NSFW )
context 2: NSFW Burp
context 3: for continuing . [ Slight NSFW ] someways I ’ve found

term: supplementing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: supplement
context 1: I 'm going to be supplementing with protein shakes for a
context 2: Is anyone supplementing l - theanine in high
context 3: matter that I had been supplementing for these things off and

term: Mary
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: mary
context 1: . I was strolling along Mary Mountain in Yellowstone National Park
context 2: since botox , a Bloody Mary and 2 small diet sodas
context 3: was uncomfortable . The nurse Mary was so nice and gave

term: Foundation
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: foundation
context 1: NHS at St Georges NHS Foundation Trust and privately at Parkside
context 2: Wang from Palo Alto Medical Foundation ( Fremont and Dublin )
context 3: NHS at St Georges NHS Foundation Trust and privately at Parkside

term: activates
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: activate
context 1: asked to sniff . This activates the PCA muscle , if
context 2: exhaled through the nasal passage activates the same pain receptors as
context 3: asked to sniff . This activates the PCA muscle , if

term: birds
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: bird
context 1: so I could kill two birds with one stone . Any
context 2: at least I kill two birds with one stone with the
context 3: doctor wanted to kill two birds with one stone and fix

term: UW
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: uw
context 1: done under general anesthesia at UW Madison hospital in Madison Wisconsin
context 2: OHSU and Dr. Merati at UW . Wondering if anyone has
context 3: and the whole team at UW were absolutely amazing - nurses

term: pastries
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pastry
context 1: and apart from booze and pastries , I do n't have
context 2: as bread , chips , pastries , doughnuts , croissants ,
context 3: bad croaks / gurgles from pastries like cupcakes or brownies ?

term: Interested
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: interested
context 1: rags around the neck ? Interested in hearing thoughts .
context 2: Interested if anyone shares my symptoms
context 3: from there I guess . Interested to know what you all

term: recognising
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: recognise
context 1: more just helped me with recognising the feeling of a burp
context 2: GPs have been helpful with recognising it ! I do have
context 3: body . After I started recognising this problem I slowly started

term: skim
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: skim
context 1: to prioritize for readability and skim - ability . ### Our
context 2: time to look up and skim one of Dr. Bastian ’s
context 3: to make it easy to skim through , timestamps in description

term: overcoming
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: overcome
context 1: burp ( because it 's overcoming a lot of resistance ?
context 2: over my emetophobia . Obv overcoming emetophobia is a big task
context 3: Has anybody had success overcoming the fear of throwing up

term: Access
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: access
context 1: plan is OAP ( Open Access Plus ) . I will
context 2: R- CPD Treatment Access Fund grant app now open
context 3: I have Cigna 's Open Access Plus plan with a $

term: THINK
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: think
context 1: just CRAZY gurgles . I THINK I may have had a
context 2: so many times that I THINK I ca n't burp because
context 3: up . I DO N'T THINK THIS IS THE RIGHT PATH

term: excluding
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: exclude
context 1: related to the procedure , excluding medical expenses ? How soon
context 2: this problem is alarming ( excluding Dr. Bastian and perhaps a
context 3: or so I think , excluding when I 'm sick and

term: coz
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: because
context 1: different . Perhaps it was coz i live alone now and
context 2: tiny bits at a time coz i can only let out
context 3: and wake up at night coz of it ( that ’s

term: NL
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: nl
context 1: BE , NL , DE
context 2: ago from dr. Snelleman in NL . I ’ve not been
context 3: so that those in the NL know how long to expect

term: Douglas
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: douglas
context 1: my Botox done by dr. Douglas Holmes . Feeling much better
context 2: to help these patients . Douglas K Holmes , MD ,
context 3: my procedure done by Dr. Douglas Holmes in Raleigh , NC

term: celebrated
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: celebrate
context 1: Recently celebrated one year of burping !
context 2: release of air ! We celebrated together ! I ’m trying
context 3: . Last week , I celebrated my 21st birthday , had

term: County
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: county
context 1: Orange County , CA
context 2: I live in Palm Beach County and have gone to a
context 3: burp procedure -- " Orange County Drug "

term: signaling
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: signal
context 1: you burp . focus on signaling your brain that this is
context 2: times where my body was signaling that I needed to vomit
context 3: Blood in her diapers , signaling a food allergy ( I

term: sniffing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: sniff
context 1: I find when I ’m sniffing more because of a hayfever
context 2: part . I find myself sniffing quite a bit and swallowing
context 3: downwards as if I was sniffing my armpit ... which is

term: Noburper
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: noburper
context 1: a 70 year old lifetime Noburper . I was burping up
context 2: a lifetime ( 22 ) Noburper and it was pretty bad
context 3: Hi there . Noburper here . First time posting

term: policies
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: policy
context 1: as i 've seen some policies say things like " other
context 2: with Vitality though for other policies , so some people might
context 3: . * Also check for policies on anesthesiologists . In my

term: argued
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: argue
context 1: time me and my mom argued ( sep - Oct )
context 2: way I guess some have argued that a vaginal orgasm is
context 3: and would n't ) have argued your own personal viewpoint supporting

term: coated
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: coat
context 1: to have the teflon - coated needle he uses travel down
context 2: taking pills that are n't coated / gels . As we
context 3: for pills that are n't coated ! I took an iron

term: shares
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: share
context 1: Dr Bastian 's team shares my map of specialists with
context 2: Interested if anyone shares my symptoms
context 3: ( trans or otherwise ) shares a similar experience . It

term: accessing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: access
context 1: about other no - burpers accessing treatment , and will continue
context 2: my jaw really did make accessing my UES difficult . So
context 3: anyone has any questions on accessing this treatment through Vitality or

term: Miami
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: miami
context 1: Miami - Dr Edward Rosow treated
context 2: Dr Rosow at U of Miami . I was his first
context 3: at age 3 ( 1963 Miami ) . You just have

term: certified
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: certify
context 1: totally fine . CRNA ( certified registered nurse anesthetist ) was
context 2: a dentist who is Botox certified for normal cosmetic Botox injections
context 3: I decided to get PADI certified this year . Little did

term: Message
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: message
context 1: I highly recommend her . Message me if you would like
context 2: of his valuable time . Message received , I will not
context 3: burp naturally . --- My Message to You : Do n’t

term: generates
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: generate
context 1: with overhead pressing , which generates high intra-abdominal pressure ( at
context 2: takes my breath away and generates a lot of anxiety .
context 3: Even talking loudly or coughing generates burps . It was even

term: herniated
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: herniate
context 1: botox , look into a herniated Diaphragm . I had the
context 2: you get diagnosed for a herniated diaphragm ? Also would you
context 3: and felt great . I herniated a disc 1.5 years ago

term: kilos
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: kilo
context 1: naturaly increased by a few kilos . I suspect learning to
context 2: ) but weigh barely 70 kilos . I 'm a 24
context 3: I 've put on 20 kilos since the op a year

term: Vincent
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: vincent
context 1: Mr Mark Rafferty in St Vincent ’s private hospital ! If
context 2: Dr Mark Rafferty in St Vincent ’s Private Hospital for a
context 3: Dr. Mark Rafferty of St. Vincent 's Private in Dublin .

term: Dang
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: dang
context 1: ( <UNK> Hello everyone ! Dang , it 's been a
context 2: Dang are you able to burp
context 3: Dang . I ’ll pray that

term: Physician
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: physician
context 1: Anyway , I ’m a Physician Assistant now and curious about
context 2: FAMILY DOCTOR / Primary Care Physician > Not burping is normal
context 3: FAMILY DOCTOR RESIDENT Primary Care Physician in training who works under

term: occured
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: occure
context 1: life . It has never occured to me . But this
context 2: full panic mode . It occured a few times since because
context 3: of botox ( if that occured ) ? I know sometimes

term: excersises
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: excersise
context 1: curing it naturally ( through excersises & just plain self -
context 2: read a lot about doing excersises to help open up your
context 3: , do you have any excersises or something like that ,

term: colored
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: color
context 1: me a spoonful of green colored apple sauce . After I
context 2: me a sip of blue colored water . After that ,
context 3: , eat drink some blue colored water , then finally eat

term: ligaments
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: ligament
context 1: the bubble * Feels like ligaments are actually moving around in
context 2: this to happen since my ligaments are looser than the normal
context 3: them surgically tighten up those ligaments . The RPA and radiologist

term: Mother
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: mother
context 1: and I hate it . Mother dearest delivered . It 's
context 2: record in Medical Records ‘ Mother attending to cares’ and plan
context 3: on 3 separate occasions . Mother wo n’t discuss with me

term: Option
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: option
context 1: ( option 1 ) . Option 2 is also not yet
context 2: . Damit hätte sich die Option des vorherigen Einreichens eines Berichts
context 3: back the muscle permanently . Option 3 can be explored when

term: calves
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: calve
context 1: 0 120 pounds , large calves . I lost a lot
context 2: life , especially in my calves , abdomen and arms .
context 3: from my jaw to my calves are tight and tender .

term: Metro
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: metro
context 1: know of a specialist in Metro - Detroit Michigan ? I
context 2: a doctor in the Phoenix Metro area who would consider the
context 3: the old article in The Metro , I spent nearly 2

term: Pre-Botox
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pre-botox
context 1: consistent and absolutely amazing . Pre-Botox , I never had the
context 2: Berlin . &#x200B ; Situation Pre-Botox : Often bloated , gurgles
context 3: - Noburper since forever - Pre-Botox tried shakers exercises for 5

term: subscribed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: subscribe
context 1: , there 's 6.6 k subscribed to this thread . at
context 2: Been subscribed to this subreddit over the
context 3: I ( 31F ) was subscribed here previously and spent most

term: Singapore
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: singapore
context 1: New Zealand , Australia or Singapore that does this Botox treatment
context 2: when I was living in Singapore for an obscure reason ,
context 3: over 30 ENT clinics in Singapore and one got back to

term: heightened
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: heightened
context 1: is always way worse with heightened anxiety or comes after I
context 2: ask : has anyone experienced heightened symptoms / bad episodes after
context 3: This is and was often heightened during moments of anxiety .

term: Sharing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: share
context 1: Sharing my R - CPD long
context 2: do it as well . Sharing this link about Albany .
context 3: and relief . &#x200B ; Sharing in case this can help

term: Noordzij
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: noordzij
context 1: Has anyone seen Dr. Jacob Noordzij at Boston Medical ? He
context 2: my procedure done with Dr. Noordzij in Boston yesterday . I
context 3: Dr. Jacob Noordzij in Boston

term: drags
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: drag
context 1: . took a couple of drags , and suddenly let out
context 2: . took a couple more drags -- and burped again !
context 3: , but other times it drags on for what feels like

term: IMMEDIATELY
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: immediately
context 1: the congestion / lethargy can IMMEDIATELY disappear if I am able
context 2: - CPD was adult onset IMMEDIATELY after an appendectomy . Dr.
context 3: all the usual symptoms returned IMMEDIATELY after eating . The croaking

term: flipped
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: flip
context 1: post last week , I flipped out with excitement . I
context 2: it was like a switch flipped after my fizzy drink .
context 3: back up again ( stomach flipped ) . It seems like

term: injuries
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: injury
context 1: participant , research - related injuries , or any other matter
context 2: causing some kind of internal injuries , or like forcing pressure
context 3: lower back to avoid pressure injuries . She wrapped foam sleeves

term: Z
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: z
context 1: cared for from A to Z , it was a good
context 2: Jay Z and grandmother ?! wtf !
context 3: , Wen H and Dou Z ( 2022 ) Case report

term: structures
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: structure
context 1: and described all of the structures and how the botox injections
context 2: take a look at your structures - vocal chords , swallowing
context 3: and therefore other muscles and structures of the neck can too

term: typos
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: typo
context 1: sense . Sorry for any typos , I 'm on mobile
context 2: this may be full of typos that I ca n’t see
context 3: recovery . Please forgive any typos , as this was on

term: Turkey
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: turkey
context 1: R - CPD in Turkey treatment ( Turkish )
context 2: . I 've travelled from Turkey just for this treatment so
context 3: nt find a doctor in Turkey . I made a contact

term: teaches
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: teach
context 1: if there is anyone who teaches this procedure , because my
context 2: really important , as it teaches the body to engage the
context 3: strengthening exercises ( the exercises teaches your brain to use your

term: Birmingham
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: birmingham
context 1: I ’m 48 , in Birmingham , AL , suffered of
context 2: next closest option may be Birmingham . Have any of you
context 3: the UAB Kirklin Clinic in Birmingham , AL today and I

term: palms
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: palm
context 1: in front of me , palms down - I can not
context 2: rotate my forearms so my palms face the ceiling . They
context 3: Stretch your arms up , palms facing skywards . Really stretch

term: wierd
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: weird
context 1: example feel nothing other than wierd , no pain , no
context 2: come out but no .. wierd gurgles and little amount of
context 3: push the burp then just wierd sounds and huge amount of

term: Sub
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: sub
context 1: All , I found this Sub trough my wife accidentally bumping
context 2: my luck at stubbing a Sub - header for R -
context 3: many good things on this Sub about Dr Joseph Spiegel ,

term: Hate
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: hate
context 1: hearing from you all . Hate we ’re all on this
context 2: Hate to naysay your theory but
context 3: up for it currently . Hate to be the bearer of

term: boats
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: boat
context 1: a boat again . Small boats ? Fine . Big boats
context 2: boats ? Fine . Big boats ? Worse . Seems like
context 3: so I love being on boats and rough water . Never

term: floodgates
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: floodgate
context 1: the Botox open up the floodgates allowing me to involuntarily vomit
context 2: fear it might open the floodgates , if you will ,
context 3: CPD was cured , the floodgates opened . He developed LPR

term: Tension
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: tension
context 1: to avoid gagging . • Tension on throat . Just in
context 2: What are they like ? Tension ? Migraines ? Pounding ,
context 3: at least try 3 . Tension your stomach muscles ( or

term: carries
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: carry
context 1: and when i burp it carries liquid with it and my
context 2: apprehensive since any anesthetic event carries a risk , but …
context 3: time ! As the evening carries on , you feel some

term: cricoids
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: cricoid
context 1: how exactly I massaged my cricoids , I made a small
context 2: experimenting with my stomach , cricoids and throat and have semi-managed
context 3: my anatomy atlas . The cricoids ( the culprit of this

term: Men
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: man
context 1: menopausal women please answer . Men please answer as well ---
context 2: Trans Men with RCPD
context 3: nästan tillbaka till normal . Men ska sägas att jag gick

term: OVER
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: over
context 1: better and restrictive eating . OVER IT . If this does
context 2: to do with a dysfunctioning OVER - RELAXED UES / cricopharyngeus
context 3: IMPROVEMENT IN MY THROAT GURGLES OVER THE PAST 4 DAYS !!!

term: signing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: sign
context 1: other through our journeys by signing the petition regardless There is
context 2: dad separated , and mum signing form … !
context 3: list of my symptoms , signing for the procedure and talking

term: jutting
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: jut
context 1: neck forward a bit and jutting out my lower jaw slightly
context 2: character from the nineties by jutting my jaw out to an
context 3: by lowering your larynx , jutting out your jaw , kind

term: promoting
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: promote
context 1: here a few times as promoting belching in R - CPD
context 2: credit to the folks here promoting neck exercises . I tried
context 3: really getting stuck in and promoting the diagnosis and treatment of

term: roasted
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: roast
context 1: , a small plate of roasted brussel sprouts , a pair
context 2: , a plate of plain roasted chicken , four chicken tenders
context 3: and the texture of the roasted veg and the sauce was

term: itemized
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: itemize
context 1: . After I get an itemized receipt I can update what
context 2: bill that breaks down the itemized cost .
context 3: last week that had an itemized breakdown of the cost of

term: apneas
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: apnea
context 1: . They also lumped central apneas into the total count ,
context 2: EPR caused too many central apneas and although I slept a
context 3: RERAs ) rather than just apneas / hypopneas , but now

term: depths
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: depth
context 1: to cavernous roar from the depths of my guts ) Will
context 2: burp came out from the depths of my soul . It
context 3: 's actually coming from the depths of my stomach . From

term: notifications
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: notification
context 1: they 're good with the notifications - which is really important
context 2: a lot and have my notifications on ! :D i want
context 3: think * I have reddit notifications turned on , but if

term: Hackensack
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: hackensack
context 1: the way to go in Hackensack . He knows all about
context 2: Wasserman at ENT Allergy in Hackensack , New Jersey . He
context 3: today by dr wasserman in Hackensack nj . He said he

term: Ironman
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: ironman
context 1: experience while completing a half Ironman - I was unable to
context 2: signed up for a full Ironman in April and was planning
context 3: , however I have an Ironman Race scheduled 4 weeks after

term: obstructions
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: obstruction
context 1: tendencies due to recurring bowel obstructions between the age of 5
context 2: used to treat upper airway obstructions )
context 3: baby , I had bowel obstructions .

term: Quality
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: quality
context 1: Sleeping is much easier . Quality of sleep better . Some
context 2: % it really is . Quality of life is incomparable just
context 3: Like you mentioned , " Quality of life " is a

term: Bottom
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: bottom
context 1: international medical community . ** Bottom line ( TL;DR ) :**
context 2: Bottom line : If you are
context 3: , life rn … . Bottom line : best decision of

term: stored
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: store
context 1: 50 % of the burps stored in my body , but
context 2: out those horrible noises and stored in burps pretty well .
context 3: and knows it 's being stored in the greater gas receptacle

term: Hearing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: hear
context 1: post - op effects . Hearing that some people have trouble
context 2: , especially while eating . Hearing the air gurgle into her
context 3: such a fast process ? Hearing those words got me so

term: cheered
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: cheer
context 1: first microburp . My father cheered and wants to go out
context 2: . Some of them even cheered me on when I first
context 3: finally got it out they cheered for me and apologized for

term: Eggs
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: egg
context 1: , Hash browns , Scrambled Eggs , Bacon ) . I
context 2: TOGO again ( Sausages , Eggs , Potato Fries ) .
context 3: ’m intolerant to Soy and Eggs which I have cut out

term: FODMAPS
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: fodmaps
context 1: Saturdays and have some more FODMAPS , ready for a little
context 2: out cruciferous veggies and other FODMAPS has been so , so
context 3: day prior , no eating FODMAPS ( online , garlic )

term: g
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: gram
context 1: burp out in the morning g still takes a little effort
context 2: , which is a big g change for me ! This
context 3: and they only have 2 g of sugar so I wake

term: Pero
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pero
context 1: muchas veces por esto . Pero me puso muy feliz al
context 2: enterarme lo del botox . Pero veo que todo ocurre en
context 3: si que podía ser . Pero que en la argentina no

term: routines
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: routine
context 1: they resumed their normal workout routines without issue , some saying
context 2: consumption , diet , exercise routines etc . Diagnosed there and
context 3: shaker method and other physical routines that have worked to relieve

term: Functional
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: functional
context 1: ' Biofeedback ' at The Functional Gut Clinic - basically a
context 2: attended this appointment at the Functional Gut Clinic , I had
context 3: but their title is often Functional Health / Medicine Practitioner .

term: Danmark
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: danmark
context 1: Noburp i Danmark !!!
context 2: et eller andet sted i Danmark at en læge nu kan
context 3: herude har oplevet succes i Danmark så vil jeg virkelig gerne

term: pangs
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: pang
context 1: have stomach pains alongside hunger pangs when hungry or they have
context 2: just have that weird hunger pangs / tickle feeling in my
context 3: Different hunger pangs with belch dysfunction ?

term: Naunheim
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: naunheim
context 1: & Women ’s Dr. Matthew Naunheim @ Mass Eye & Ear
context 2: Botox last Friday with Dr. Naunheim at Mass Eye and Ear
context 3: Go to Dr. Naunheim at Mass Eye and Ear

term: wrecked
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: wreck
context 1: wow , my esophagus is wrecked . I do n't usually
context 2: here , have been quite wrecked by r- cpd for my
context 3: my doctor ) that they wrecked my microbiome , and I

term: TUMS
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: tums
context 1: way liquor drinks do . TUMS always worsens my symptoms .
context 2: bananas , taken about 10 TUMS , taken 2 40 mg
context 3: does n't produce gas like TUMS can ) . And simethicone

term: Originally
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: originally
context 1: for the following week . Originally , it was going to
context 2: sticky foods or bread . Originally i just had issues with
context 3: through this office actually ! Originally I had tried to schedule

term: Miserable
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: miserable
context 1: not using the CPAP . Miserable situation . Praying the Botox
context 2: pain at my bowels . Miserable . I experienced something similar
context 3: stomachache of my life . Miserable . The reason I ’m

term: palps
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: palp
context 1: I eat that causes bad palps but the pressure is always
context 2: 8 months now with the palps . It ’s been ever
context 3: my LES weakened that the palps started to I think it

term: RHR
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: rhr
context 1: quite drastically different . My RHR has risen about 10 bpm
context 2: My RHR is always in the 40s
context 3: my procedure I had a RHR of 95- 105 . Very

term: strawberries
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: strawberry
context 1: eat some French toast and strawberries for breakfast - I managed
context 2: , spinach , mango , strawberries and banana x
context 3: I ’m actually allergic to strawberries but not deathly so .

term: hashimotos
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: hashimoto
context 1: and upper back , and hashimotos / hypothyroid . I am
context 2: the boxes for hypothyroidism / hashimotos , despite my labs coming
context 3: 'm vegan and I have hashimotos thyroid autoimmune which according to

term: Disorder
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: disorder
context 1: that is expert with Swallowing Disorder yesterday . I told that
context 2: Dysfunction , a New Motility Disorder : Single Center Case Series
context 3: ** Retrograde Cricopharyngeus Disorder treatment with Dr Santosh Sanagapalli

term: quotes
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: quote
context 1: but have received wildly different quotes . The first person ,
context 2: . I put burping in quotes because I 'm starting to
context 3: . I put this in quotes because they are very forced

term: shaming
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: shame
context 1: or just straight up fat shaming me and telling me to
context 2: the gastro here again fat shaming and talking to me like
context 3: of good - natured public shaming but it 's really all

term: enhanced
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: enhance
context 1: outlined on day 1 and enhanced on day 3 . I
context 2: . Also I received an enhanced Shaker Exercise : Do the
context 3: I ’ve eaten so the enhanced slow swallowing did n’t really

term: clamped
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: clamp
context 1: good muscle strength since I clamped down like a steel trap
context 2: was SO LOUD I almost clamped my hand over my own
context 3: your sphincter muscle has been clamped shut for so long that

term: Funding
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: funding
context 1: evidence for an NHS Individual Funding Request , while also [
context 2: you can attempt an Individual Funding Request ( IFR ) which
context 3: NHS option of an Individual Funding Request , I 'm waiting

term: openings
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: opening
context 1: refluxing acid through the same openings that I ca n’t burp
context 2: the other two doctors had openings in march actually . It
context 3: they would email me any openings or the schedule i ca

term: I\
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: i\
context 1: be greatly appreciated , because I\ `m feeling generally miserable .
context 2: things feel much worse . I\ `m getting some larger microburps
context 3: I\ `ve been bupring less than

term: Case
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: case
context 1: Motility Disorder : Single Center Case Series and Treatment Results *
context 2: Dou Z ( 2022 ) Case report : A case of
context 3: Retrograde Cricopharyngeal Dysfunction : A Case Series of 218 Patients Some

term: Giant
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: giant
context 1: gurgle Day 5 : * Giant burps after carbonation and meals
context 2: a lot of gurgles * Giant gurgles , some of which
context 3: 26 . Jan 2025 |1 Giant , 15 Large , 15

term: chewables
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: chewable
context 1: . Someone suggested papaya enzyme chewables which you take after meals
context 2: street lololol . Hope these chewables help for others too .
context 3: feel better . Gravol ginger chewables , Gas X chewables ,

term: labeled
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: label
context 1: the only one . Always labeled that weird gargle girl (
context 2: by anxiety , so I labeled myself a hypochondriac and started
context 3: stomach issues that have been labeled as Ibs . Does all

term: SOOO
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: sooo
context 1: ) have micro-burps that feel SOOO good . Is it true
context 2: going to the beach are SOOO much better Anyways that ’s
context 3: <3 Thank you SOOO much for making this video

term: HNO
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: hno
context 1: at a Otolaryngologist ( dt. HNO - Arzt ) . Since
context 2: At the HNO - Department of the Universitätsklinik
context 3: There are ENT doctors ( HNO in german ) who do

term: Indeed
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: indeed
context 1: guy , but antisocial :) Indeed , as soon as these
context 2: / MISSunflower u / missteabby Indeed . May I ask your
context 3: theyre just hiccups . " Indeed . They are . And

term: AUD
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: aud
context 1: cost $ 5,000 ( $ AUD ) ( was quoted $
context 2: treatment ? I 'm spending AUD $ 7000 ( £ 3,750
context 3: I really just spent 70 AUD on Amazon to get a

term: Bath
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: bath
context 1: with Dr Stuart Gillett in Bath where he was able to
context 2: at the SULIS clinic in Bath , who agrees that I
context 3: Stuart Gillett ] ( https://www.bathent.co.uk/stuartgillett), Bath [ Mr Khalid Ghufoor ]

term: Cela
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: cela
context 1: l’injection de toxine botulique . Cela me semble plus fiable en
context 2: fait l’intervention sans anesthésie . Cela dure moins de 10 min
context 3: de temps dure l’opération ? Cela est douloureux ? Pouvez vous

term: Chat
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: chat
context 1: about 20 minutes total . Chat about symptoms and injection .
context 2: Call , Text , or Chat with the [ Trevor Project
context 3: Call , Text , or Chat with the [ Veterans Crisis

term: escalated
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: escalate
context 1: and my noburp episodes have escalated severely , they ’re affected
context 2: microburping the next day which escalated into massive , constant burps
context 3: it possible my symptoms have escalated this much over the last

term: internalized
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: internalize
context 1: a random person who has internalized years of being taught that
context 2: I understand because I ’ve internalized it too . So I
context 3: with RCPD , I had internalized the ( incorrect ) assessment

term: theorised
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: theorise
context 1: My family and I have theorised that my R - CPD
context 2: his website , and has theorised that a lot of people
context 3: of events . It is theorised by specialists that R -

term: dysfunctions
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: dysfunction
context 1: . I know that swallowing dysfunctions can cause pneumonia to happen
context 2: a lot so that area dysfunctions . I think I have
context 3: do throat biopsies reveal neurological dysfunctions ? Are n't biopsies just

term: Crossing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: cross
context 1: it was pretty pricy . Crossing my fingers it all goes
context 2: a real burp yet . Crossing my fingers and will try
context 3: sure I keep burping . Crossing fingers ! Congrats to you

term: AB
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: ab
context 1: right direction in Edmonton , AB
context 2: I am in Calgary , AB , and I 'm starting
context 3: I used to live in AB , now in SK .

term: Aoyagi
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: aoyagi
context 1: 24th , 2024 , Dr. Aoyagi gave me 85 units of
context 2: able to burp . Dr. Aoyagi is currently the only doctor
context 3: in other countries . Dr. Aoyagi was clear and concise in

term: Ooh
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: ooh
context 1: Ooh that ’s interesting actually !
context 2: Ooh in your chest sounds like
context 3: this is not helping :( Ooh one more thing to add

term: 62M
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: 62m
context 1: 62M . I think retraining those
context 2: the procedure . I ( 62M ) had n't vomited singe
context 3: you noted . I ( 62M ) just feel it is

term: peaches
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: peach
context 1: found slippery foods like jarred peaches much easier to eat .
context 2: eg apples , cherries , peaches , plums etc ) ,
context 3: fruits such as apricots and peaches , and herbal teas with

term: altitudes
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: altitude
context 1: the stomach expands at higher altitudes . So if you 're
context 2: that the pressure at high altitudes [ makes the gas inside
context 3: Air pressure decreases at higher altitudes , so there ’s less

term: maps
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: map
context 1: So I updated my Google maps and it ’s working fine
context 2: doctor , find the google maps link ( in this subreddit
context 3: put together world and US maps of ENTs who are known

term: CPD.
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: cpd.
context 1: does not diagnose R - CPD. Common ( incorrect ) diagnoses
context 2: does not diagnose R - CPD. Common ( incorrect ) diagnoses
context 3: > > diagnose R - CPD. Common ( incorrect ) diagnoses

term: ballonnements
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: ballonnement
context 1: n'as plus du tout de ballonnements et de gargouillis de gorge
context 2: gorge mais j’ai toujours des ballonnements de temps en temps (
context 3: champion et continue . Les ballonnements ont considérablement diminué et mon

term: alcohols
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: alcohol
context 1: , as well as sugar alcohols ( sorbitol , mannitol ,
context 2: . My reaction to sugar alcohols is beyond the normal level
context 3: biggest triggers pre-Botox were sugar alcohols : sorbitol , xylitol ,

term: Catsos
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: catsos
context 1: no more ” by patsy Catsos . The food lists that
context 2: no more ” by Patsy Catsos and follow it to the
context 3: no more ” by Patsy Catsos , and follow the process

term: SK
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: sk
context 1: have been fully covered in SK . Patience is key ,
context 2: issue . I am in SK and my doctor was fine
context 3: I ’m in SK and had a consult with

term: Hyatt
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: hyatt
context 1: hahah no . the Hyatt in Oak Brook !
context 2: hotel :( come to the Hyatt and we could chat in
context 3: I 'm staying at the Hyatt because I get free stays

term: attributing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: attribute
context 1: head , which i ’m attributing more to the dilation than
context 2: be cautious about over - attributing . However , I have
context 3: suggest being careful over - attributing issues to this disorder .

term: firing
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: fire
context 1: the physician when muscles are firing to ensure that they are
context 2: . Feel free to keep firing questions , and best of
context 3: meet you ! please stop firing questions down my throat .

term: rabies
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: rabie
context 1: treated with X and their rabies got healed . Before that
context 2: there was no treatment for rabies , and getting rabies was
context 3: for rabies , and getting rabies was a death sentence .

term: AHN
frequency: 8
lemmatized_to: ahn
context 1: Yes ! He 's with AHN , I would highly recommend
context 2: has to do more with AHN than it does Dr. Low
context 3: prior - authorization ( which AHN said was n't needed )

term: Parkinson
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: parkinson
context 1: My dad got Parkinson 's and now he can
context 2: But when my Dad got Parkinson 's he started burping .
context 3: everything from Alzheimer 's to Parkinson 's disease to stomach problems

term: Walmart
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: walmart
context 1: . Got to go to Walmart now .
context 2: , Target , Amazon , Walmart ... In the " pharmacy
context 3: super cheap generic brand at Walmart . Not sure if it

term: Fine
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: fine
context 1: Abdominal & pelvic ultrasound : Fine Parasites : Negative Small Intestinal
context 2: taking the antibiotic route . Fine by me , as I
context 3: a glass of water . Fine . Went to prepare myself

term: Intestinal
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: intestinal
context 1: Fine Parasites : Negative Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth : Negative H.
context 2: who thinks I have Small Intestinal Bacteria Overgrowth . I know
context 3: during my illness or Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth , but am

term: heartbeats
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: heartbeat
context 1: Nerve which is linking ectopic heartbeats with digestion , it says
context 2: heart ( “ skipped ” heartbeats , high blood pressure ,
context 3: the increase in pressure making heartbeats more obvious . If I

term: tying
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: tie
context 1: , and no amount of tying to hork it out will
context 2: the two before I started tying to fix it . My
context 3: difficulty putting on shoes / tying laces whilst bloated ? As

term: sloshing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: slosh
context 1: gas but with some fluid sloshing around in there too .
context 2: stomach making annoying bubbly and sloshing sounds ... doctor 's ca
context 3: but I can feel stuff sloshing up to my throat and

term: James
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: james
context 1: to the wiki : Dr. James Kuderer
context 2: common use for dysphagia . James E. Kuderer , DO Ear
context 3: 'm hoping to go to James E. Kuderer in St. Louis

term: Received
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: receive
context 1: Received Botox while awake
context 2: &nbsp ; DAY 198 - Received a Barium Swallow Test at
context 3: &nbsp ; DAY 9 - Received call from Dr. Bastian Institute

term: Mucinex
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: mucinex
context 1: Med SinuRinse bottles ) and Mucinex for a couple days before
context 2: any meds ( gasx , Mucinex , etc ) or just
context 3: Mucinex for globus after botox

term: cars
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: car
context 1: ? I used get into cars knowing that I 'd end
context 2: sensitive to nausea while in cars . Curious if it could
context 3: stopped having to vomit in cars when I was around 12

term: schools
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: school
context 1: was stressed to see the schools Cus anxiety ) Now today
context 2: ’m going to see some schools again ( same school )
context 3: sick both times visiting the schools . I ’m wondering is

term: wiped
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wipe
context 1: started feeling dizzy . Quickly wiped myself Cus I felt like
context 2: , and afterwards I am wiped out and feel like I
context 3: felt my neck briefly then wiped it with an antiseptic pad

term: Outpatient
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: outpatient
context 1: get into contact with the Outpatient team . The invoice was
context 2: Lucy Hicklin at the Chelsea Outpatient Centre . After reading almost
context 3: Lucy Hicklin at the Chelsea Outpatient Centre . If you 're

term: Lake
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: lake
context 1: Dr Breanne Schiffer ( Salt Lake City , UT ) -
context 2: of Utah hospital in Salt Lake City , Utah . My
context 3: I was living in Salt Lake Shitty , Utah . I

term: McDonald
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: mcdonald
context 1: order a Dr Pepper at McDonald 's now . I always
context 2: at the services , sadly McDonald ’s was closed so plumped
context 3: during this time was a McDonald 's / Wendy 's cheeseburger

term: Ten
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ten
context 1: actually improve my situation , Ten years ago I had Bariatric
context 2: back seat . 2 . Ten years ago I read on
context 3: back seat . 2 . Ten years ago I read on

term: Law
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: law
context 1: same percentage ( Boyle ’s Law ) Even then I thought
context 2: Dr. Law at Emory ( throat specialist
context 3: it truly was . Dr. Law is hilarious and sweet and

term: Important
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: important
context 1: Important question for noburpers
context 2: am really really nauseous . Important : I have a severe
context 3: Important Update on Dr. Holmes in

term: scars
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: scar
context 1: and we both had identical scars from procedures when we were
context 2: , does n't it inflict scars ?
context 3: there is long term mental scars from this annoying condition .

term: inhalers
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: inhaler
context 1: When it was clear that inhalers and nebulizers did n't help
context 2: allergies and prescribed me some inhalers , but they do n't
context 3: breath back . I tried inhalers and saw a speech therapist

term: versions
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: version
context 1: off me by my weird versions of ' burps ' Have
context 2: and mainly avoiding any diet versions that have more carbonation (
context 3: been frantically looking up chronic versions of hiccupping a lot and

term: Q
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: q
context 1: https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/66aw07/urubikants_5_month_update_following_dr_bastians/). [ Here 's a Q &A ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/a745a7/questions_for_people_with_botox/) [
context 2: A couple Q 's – Insurance not paying
context 3: this is a Q for the ladies of the

term: regarded
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: regard
context 1: . I have also been regarded as a notorious farter .
context 2: post Botox ? It is regarded as a permanent cure if
context 3: post Botox ? It is regarded as a permanent cure if

term: exhaled
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: exhal
context 1: extra air is basically being exhaled out . And with that
context 2: inhale , then as I exhaled I let out I felt
context 3: . Apparently the carbonation being exhaled through the nasal passage activates

term: pressurised
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pressurise
context 1: n't strangers to thumping their pressurised chests like Matthew McConaughey in
context 2: because I ’m no longer pressurised ? Anyone has experienced anything
context 3: My line of work is pressurised liquids and gases ….as a

term: humiliating
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: humiliate
context 1: behind them . It ’s humiliating because so many people have
context 2: too and it 's just humiliating to be sitting there gulping
context 3: ) . It 's overall humiliating and uncomfortable . After some

term: Fundoplication
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: fundoplication
context 1: a procedure called " Nissen Fundoplication " , where the stomach
context 2: a procedure called " Nissen Fundoplication " , where the stomach
context 3: I had a [ Nissen Fundoplication ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nissen_fundoplication) 8 months

term: exceptions
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: exception
context 1: this site and with few exceptions have felt so at home
context 2: FODMAP diet with a few exceptions here and there . Told
context 3: carbonation ? With a few exceptions , I do n't consume

term: Showed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: show
context 1: chances , sooo frustrating . Showed him letter from Dr K
context 2: did an abdominal ultrasound . Showed no abnormalities . Did blood
context 3: was completely hassle free . Showed up at 9 am ,

term: Bastions
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: bastion
context 1: to ) show him Dr Bastions paper , he did t
context 2: specialist to look into Dr Bastions research ? Is there something
context 3: . However this is Dr. Bastions first time going above 125

term: implications
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: implication
context 1: ) I think the financial implications of the local option makes
context 2: conditions out there with HUGE implications and crippling symptoms ; the
context 3: which might result in grave implications . Weird thing is :

term: vocalizations
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: vocalization
context 1: listed above , but certain vocalizations ( e.g. trying to raise
context 2: it while you run through vocalizations . This movement will come
context 3: as well as trying some vocalizations as a warm - up

term: valves
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: valve
context 1: both my lower and upper valves must be for that to
context 2: way that coffee losens the valves in the stomach . Could
context 3: want . Or those release valves on pool floats .

term: shocks
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: shock
context 1: sound will emerge . It shocks me every time . It
context 2: me every time . It shocks my boyfriend , who had
context 3: 2 years , it always shocks me . I can also

term: assigned
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: assign
context 1: my boyfriend , who had assigned a burp - less identity
context 2: After this I called my assigned doctor and told him about
context 3: years and the doctors just assigned me medication that did n’t

term: Save
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: save
context 1: to get it done . Save up if you have to
context 2: excited to hear back . Save this post for reference ,
context 3: Do n’t suffer anymore . Save up and get it done

term: dived
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: dive
context 1: condition we suffer , I dived straight in and booked a
context 2: Botox ( I have never dived with the Botox active )
context 3: many mental health people , dived into yoga , meditation ,

term: Singing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: sing
context 1: Singing and exercising post-Botox
context 2: like attack . 2 . Singing is also a no -
context 3: Singing is super important to me

term: Samaritan
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: samaritan
context 1: the Day Clinic of Good Samaritan Hospital in Downers Grove ,
context 2: for Day Surgery and Good Samaritan Hospital . His surgical caseload
context 3: booked on Monday at Good Samaritan Hospital with Dr. Hoesli .

term: medics
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: medic
context 1: my second ultra when the medics intervened ( all my vital
context 2: silly self diagnoses . Experienced medics can be stubborn .
context 3: referral as they know most medics have never heard of it

term: WAIT
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wait
context 1: 18 and I can not WAIT ! However , I ’m
context 2: Australia btw . CAN NOT WAIT !
context 3: takes allllllllll insurance . DONT WAIT GUYS …… RUNNNNN …… and

term: Posture
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: posture
context 1: a bit . * ** Posture .** Seems like If I
context 2: not normal at all . Posture also plays an important role
context 3: Hourglass Syndrome / Posture

term: Army
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: army
context 1: linked to my career ( Army ) and so ca n't
context 2: couple months of dealing with Army doctors and terrible Army medicine
context 3: with Army doctors and terrible Army medicine I got my provider

term: dedicated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: dedicate
context 1: done and sets / reps dedicated to them ( did you
context 2: was time to make a dedicated post . I ’ve never
context 3: 2 days before a holiday dedicated to food . But I

term: clinicians
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: clinician
context 1: one of the most admirable clinicians I have ever known .
context 2: the medical community and for clinicians to expand their index of
context 3: to check the list of clinicians pinned at the top of

term: ANYONE
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: anyone
context 1: haha . Anyway , if ANYONE on this sub is thinking
context 2: HOW I DO IT FOR ANYONE JUST SKIMMING THIS : I
context 3: as I could learn , ANYONE can . That 's a

term: hindering
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: hinder
context 1: student so money is quite hindering the healing process if i
context 2: when I need to and hindering my chances of success 3
context 3: something else wrong that was hindering my breathing besides not being

term: debilitated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: debilitate
context 1: so I have been basically debilitated for the past week or
context 2: of you guys feel as debilitated as I do , you
context 3: to eat and not be debilitated afterwards :’ )

term: diaries
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: diary
context 1: Reading the botox surgery diaries / experiences on this subreddit
context 2: up on other people 's diaries on here and to be
context 3: few of these post botox diaries on the sub at the

term: encounters
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: encounter
context 1: had * many * close encounters with extreme nausea where I
context 2: work , had some embarrassing encounters air vomiting in front of
context 3: n’t be having many embarrassing encounters ( fingers crossed ) A

term: Fodmap
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: fodmap
context 1: Does the low Fodmap diet help ?
context 2: Telling me follow a low Fodmap diet for 6 weeks as
context 3: food elimination diet and Low Fodmap - it made no difference

term: broader
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: broad
context 1: has been normalized through my broader social sphere . Third ,
context 2: be interesting to gain a broader perspective of burp timing post
context 3: by cricoid tightness but a broader more full - body muscular

term: Stool
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: stool
context 1: …? Distended / stretched colon Stool … ?
context 2: with what helps them ? Stool softener is the only thing
context 3: Gas is compressible . Stool / liquid not compressible .

term: characteristics
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: characteristic
context 1: asked if there are patient characteristics that tend to correlate with
context 2: seem to have three identifying characteristics : they only happen occasionally
context 3: . I have all the characteristics of R - CPD including

term: stocking
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: stock
context 1: just hitting up Costco and stocking up on La Croix but
context 2: me . Also thinking of stocking up in turmeric and probiotics
context 3: I ’ll be stocking up on carbonation to get

term: Louisville
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: louisville
context 1: with an ENT here in Louisville , KY ! 🤞🤞
context 2: Location in Southern Indiana / Louisville KY area ?
context 3: in the Southern Indiana or Louisville Kentucky area ?

term: roaring
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: roar
context 1: gurgles I get are like roaring in the chest up to
context 2: and the weird baby dinosaur roaring noises . Is there a
context 3: up and down and like roaring to get out . Then

term: fledged
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: fledge
context 1: months I became a fully fledged burper , and I did
context 2: just experienced my first fully fledged relieving belch ! It was
context 3: consider myself a fully - fledged ‘ burper ’ and would

term: tracked
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: track
context 1: constant discomfort . I have tracked my diet and noticed that
context 2: bit that I 've back tracked or slowed down progress .
context 3: Maybe it could have fast tracked my solution lol ) .

term: urges
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: urge
context 1: . instead i ’m having urges to yawn over and over
context 2: two years . VERY frequent urges to urinate and a lot
context 3: noticed that I get random urges to start farting . I

term: nicknamed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nickname
context 1: to perform what I have nicknamed my ' Air Chunder '
context 2: so gassy that my dad nicknamed me “ queen of farts
context 3: . My husband has literally nicknamed me " croaky " because

term: Botoxed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: botox
context 1: Those who Botoxed without insurance : How much
context 2: for folks who have been Botoxed : (1) Have any of
context 3: day . Anyone else getting Botoxed that day as well ?

term: SOMETHING
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: something
context 1: the bathroom trying to get SOMETHING out . I was full
context 2: she shed tears 😂 But SOMETHING CLICKED ! Thanks to my
context 3: ( being regular in * SOMETHING * was helpful for me

term: adenoids
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: adenoid
context 1: I had my tonsils and adenoids removed and grommets put into
context 2: I had my tonsils and adenoids out as a child ,
context 3: has got their tonsils / adenoids removed ?

term: Sarah
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: sarah
context 1: help on this ! Thanks Sarah
context 2: We 'll call her ' Sarah ' . Sarah went to
context 3: her ' Sarah ' . Sarah went to Chicago and had

term: advantages
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: advantage
context 1: the time , and the advantages to me of the reduced
context 2: procedure this way ? Any advantages or disadvantages . The big
context 3: I feel there are various advantages to Low FODMAP , Keto

term: dives
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: dive
context 1: who ca n’t burp scuba dives and if they experience the
context 2: am doing my final certification dives tomorrow and honestly dreading what
context 3: scuba diver ( 50 + dives and trained to 40 m

term: considerations
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: consideration
context 1: symptoms ? Are there dietary considerations ? Does it relate to
context 2: be rude :) ** Some considerations / things I 've experienced
context 3: Sunday with the aforementioned small considerations . I work too so

term: buzzed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: buzz
context 1: so I ’ll barely be buzzed , people will see me
context 2: night , feeling a little buzzed and having discomfort in my
context 3: was gon na do it buzzed ) and chugged a can

term: Pop
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pop
context 1: and disgusting is carbonation . Pop and alcohol are what really
context 2: modalities ( from Champagne Bottle Pop to cavernous roar from the
context 3: carbonated things are fine . Pop is fine . It ’s

term: obvs
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: obv
context 1: As a scared teen , obvs I avoided surgery , meaning
context 2: * Unable to burp ( obvs ) * Extreme bloating especially
context 3: drama was ( Greys Anatomy obvs ) ! Mr Karagama popped

term: diminishes
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: diminish
context 1: 4 months if the effect diminishes as a number of Bastians
context 2: gasses inflating the intestines also diminishes their ability to absorb nutrients
context 3: somewhat believes me but also diminishes much of my symptoms or

term: Stand
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: stand
context 1: train up my microburps : Stand up and stretch your body
context 2: me not to relapse ! Stand strong comrades !
context 3: 's no climate energency . Stand for something or die for

term: contortions
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: contortion
context 1: doing all the weird body contortions to try and find the
context 2: between 1 ) very weird contortions of my spine and stomach
context 3: doing all sort of neck contortions / jaw movements / larynx

term: sealed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: seal
context 1: and my throat felt tightly sealed . Then , I started
context 2: also felt tighter / better sealed and I did n’t have
context 3: the botox my throat is sealed SHUT

term: rocking
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: rock
context 1: think bending , squeezing , rocking ) . About 4 years
context 2: the latest craze I ’m rocking - It ’s been 18
context 3: just cried . I ’m rocking myself back and forth all

term: Main
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: main
context 1: ton of fluids quickly . Main takeaway is you might have
context 2: I first wake up . Main my symptoms : - Constant
context 3: suffered R - CPD • Main symptoms pre Botox • Success

term: Appt
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: appt
context 1: Timeline leading up to Botox Appt
context 2: Lucy Hicklin Appt on Monday 13th
context 3: different ! ) Day 1 Appt at Parkside 0940 . Discussed

term: gels
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: gel
context 1: 12 oz of fluid plus gels packs and I can merely
context 2: that are n't coated / gels . As we all probably
context 3: . I m eating energy gels and pastes on the way

term: culprits
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: culprit
context 1: is one of the worst culprits and makes it worse .
context 2: can be one of the culprits .. ** " I started
context 3: is one of the worst culprits . It ’s even worse

term: denies
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: denie
context 1: have success appealing when insurance denies coverage
context 2: for anyone whose insurance initially denies coverage of your claim ,
context 3: If your insurance company initially denies coverage , do n’t give

term: 'S
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: this time around , IT 'S HAPPENING !!!😊😊😀😀 Very excited !!!
context 2: you guys know that IT 'S POSSIBLE to learn how to
context 3: got from LOCAL ENT DOCTOR 'S OFFICE when checking if they

term: Googled
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: google
context 1: , hence why I finally Googled for help in desperation .
context 2: Googled ' inability to burp '
context 3: be GERD . I 've Googled off and on since then

term: woods
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wood
context 1: am not out of the woods yet so I 'm just
context 2: I was out of the woods ! Any advice or encouragement
context 3: from my neck of the woods , please comment or dm

term: biscuits
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: biscuit
context 1: dry food like crackers or biscuits . Does anyone else get
context 2: , pasta , crackers , biscuits etc at home . Had
context 3: , pasta , crackers , biscuits etc at home . Had

term: wil
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: will
context 1: the big day . I wil be receiving my botox injection
context 2: said a lot of you wil start the day flat or
context 3: hoped but still hope it wil get better and I wo

term: poked
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: poke
context 1: n’t want to go get poked and prodded by a doctor
context 2: nightmare . Needed to be poked and prodded a bunch of
context 3: &#x200B ; Diagnosis : They poked a long metal - rod

term: Apnea
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: apnea
context 1: Has anyone with Sleep Apnea had this procedure done with
context 2: I was diagnosed with Sleep Apnea , and was disappointed with
context 3: looks normal and the Sleep Apnea is under control . 2

term: filming
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: film
context 1: I ’ve ever done while filming for vlog footage . How
context 2: I ’m about to start filming my 3 month update ,
context 3: a few videos of people filming their noises , I can

term: Shout
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: shout
context 1: Shout out to u / agtritter
context 2: in late April . ( Shout - out to him as
context 3: ) of my chest ! Shout out to u /lauren 1490x

term: Straub
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: straub
context 1: scheduled super easily with Dr. Straub I ’m Kansas City !!
context 2: Dr. Jeff Straub in Leawood , KS does
context 3: was able to see Dr Straub in KC MO , who

term: MO
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: mo
context 1: pilgrimage from St. Louis , MO to Chicago . But both
context 2: Matthew Page in St. Peters MO . Dr. Page is great
context 3: doctor around here ( SW MO ) seems to even comprehend

term: cats
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: cat
context 1: as I literally scared my cats out of the room with
context 2: more like comparing apples and cats . They literally are not
context 3: caffeine ofcourse ) . My cats have helped me a lot

term: collapsing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: collapse
context 1: found for the gasping , collapsing , pain that comes when
context 2: me if my insides were collapsing from something . My point
context 3: feels like my chest is collapsing . I never fart or

term: Medication
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: medication
context 1: OTC Medication That Helps ?
context 2: How ? : Vomited + Medication Dexilant Summary : - Started
context 3: making the problem worse . Medication gets stuck in my throat

term: centered
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: center
context 1: ca n’t breathe and nausea centered in my throat . -
context 2: have a lot of breathing centered anxiety so the initial side
context 3: had a youth group event centered around soda back when I

term: Bridge
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: bridge
context 1: I ’m going into London Bridge hospital for the injection with
context 2: with Dr karagama at London Bridge Hospital . Day of the
context 3: the front desk at London Bridge Hospital and got told to

term: Hypermobile
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: hypermobile
context 1: Anyone else Hypermobile ?
context 2: Anyone else on here also Hypermobile ? Both my Daughter and
context 3: acid reflux and hEDS ( Hypermobile Ehlers Danlos Syndrome ) and

term: Kombucha
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: kombucha
context 1: . I tried Soda and Kombucha for the carbonation to see
context 2: Kombucha
context 3: random as hell but does Kombucha make your symptoms worse or

term: resumed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: resume
context 1: . ​ Then , burping resumed fairly well and I was
context 2: and the burns have not resumed ( I mention this as
context 3: as relieving - I 've resumed getting gaggy when anxious (

term: O'
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: o'
context 1: pocket after the surgery with O' Dell – but without insurance
context 2: just really wonderful . Dr. O' Dell schedules a post -
context 3: - office procedure from Dr. O' Dell even though she says

term: initiated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: initiate
context 1: from the time that you initiated the process by calling an
context 2: that summer , I actually initiated some burps with my mouth
context 3: while sitting : \- I initiated a swallow , without completing

term: Pour
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pour
context 1: with a lid 3 . Pour your carbonated drink into the
context 2: ’s been covered before ! Pour yourself a big glass of
context 3: do a terrible job . Pour fast and perpendicular . Make

term: tenses
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: tense
context 1: out of reflex ny throat tenses up again so even if
context 2: at the moment , so tenses up every time a burp
context 3: down , which in turn tenses and tightens my throat and

term: airplanes
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: airplane
context 1: long car rides and on airplanes , and in the last
context 2: any advice for flying / airplanes ?
context 3: the gurgles start . On airplanes I 'll buy front row

term: Lutch
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: lutch
context 1: saying his boss , Dr. Lutch , wants to talk to
context 2: appointment next week with Dr. Lutch and I ’m curious if
context 3: phone call appointment with Dr. Lutch . ( A big switch

term: Extra
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: extra
context 1: the exercise . [ https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/qla442/cure\_without\_botox/](https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/qla442/cure_without_botox/) Extra info : Neck exercise -
context 2: ? Is this normal ? Extra great if you 've gone
context 3: till I took " Equate Extra Strength Gas Relief Chewable Tablets

term: Notice
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: notice
context 1: per 6 month right ? Notice how the burps are happening
context 2: with my mouth closed . Notice it sounds exactly the same
context 3: it 's still neat . Notice very minor issues of food

term: PVC
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pvc
context 1: my heart skips beats ( PVC , PAC ) . And
context 2: , specifically the skipped beat PVC type ? I already get
context 3: chemicals that are used for PVC printing . I remember that

term: Mexican
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: mexican
context 1: here . I 'm a Mexican 26 years old guy ,
context 2: Mexico and have been a Mexican citizen since birth , however
context 3: . I ate out ( Mexican food ) for the first

term: coordinated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: coordinate
context 1: I ’m not exactly coordinated , but back when I
context 2: wide open tunnel under the coordinated direction of the diaphragm ,
context 3: cardio or a lot of coordinated movement it 'll be harder

term: Gravity
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: gravity
context 1: my ** right shoulder **. Gravity does wonders . So it
context 2: let them come up . Gravity is your friend . Also
context 3: let air come out . Gravity is trying to help you

term: doubting
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: doub
context 1: me now ! To anyone doubting , the procedure is totally
context 2: this condition now I ’m doubting …
context 3: what your experiences are and doubting whether I should contact my

term: lingered
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: linger
context 1: had been caused by it lingered on a little bit because
context 2: a bit and the pain lingered for me . About 10
context 3: problem while the other half lingered in my throat . I

term: Scott
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: scott
context 1: by Dr. Venkatesen at Baylor Scott & White in Dallas in
context 2: Dr. Randall Holdgraf at Baylor Scott and White in Temple ,
context 3: Dr. Jennifer Rodney at Baylor Scott & White on Wednesday (

term: seizures
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: seizure
context 1: I have no history of seizures or anything similar , however
context 2: bit harder time dealing with seizures . My botox is this
context 3: . I have only had seizures for the last 3 years

term: incorporating
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: incorporate
context 1: sometimes it works . started incorporating carbonated drinks a couple days
context 2: recognize a burp and was incorporating its feeling and process into
context 3: I think I will start incorporating neck stretches into my routine

term: regulated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: regulate
context 1: up when things become more regulated . i do feel like
context 2: the entire digestive system is regulated . If you are dealing
context 3: bathroom floor until my BP regulated . I had episodes like

term: Tight
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: tight
context 1: and being over worked / Tight . So I focused on
context 2: remember , now 45 . Tight chest and throat were worst
context 3: Tight pressure in stomach is related

term: Relaxing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: relax
context 1: Anything else you notice ? Relaxing your shoulders ? Pushing shoulders
context 2: with the stomach 2 . Relaxing the right muscles in the
context 3: and the air escapes . Relaxing my throat was the hardest

term: ⁠‘
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ''
context 1: Neuromuscular abnormality ’ 2 . ⁠‘ Gastric Emptying occurs in the
context 2: physiological time ’ 3 . ⁠‘ Large Bowel mucosa with No
context 3: histological abnormalities ’ 4 . ⁠‘ Pieces stratified squamous epithelium showing

term: PNW
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pnw
context 1: to USA for treatment ( PNW ) -- cost ?
context 2: share for anyone in the PNW ! I had Botox with
context 3: PNW Docs

term: Language
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: language
context 1: an MS in Speech - Language Pathology . I have never
context 2: she said that Speech - Language pathology would have the solution
context 3: ) . Even Speech and Language Team could not see anything

term: determining
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: determine
context 1: and I am interested in determining commonalities among people with R
context 2: I have the hardest time determining if a food makes me
context 3: is a big factor in determining if the burping continues once

term: Kiss
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: kiss
context 1: KTC ” stands for “ Kiss the ceiling ” . Abbreviation
context 2: micro-burps . ^ ( “ Kiss the ceiling ” should be
context 3: stomach vaccuums : https://youtu.be/6BuqQRLHCC8 For Kiss the Ceiling : https://youtu.be/LTKi2oYY9WA I

term: straightened
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: straighten
context 1: : TRACHEA ) is fully straightened / stretched out … and
context 2: relented and growing apparently naturally straightened the twisted colon out .
context 3: for my scoliosis , which straightened my back and therefore rearranged

term: AWESOME
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: awesome
context 1: so easily and it was AWESOME . - [ ] My
context 2: burped and BOY WAS IT AWESOME had no nausea , gurgles
context 3: day two . It was AWESOME . Even with small burps

term: PROBLEM
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: problem
context 1: this is literally THE EXACT PROBLEM we have when we cant
context 2: THAT CAN WORK ON YOUR PROBLEM . EDIT : I have
context 3: a manometry study . THE PROBLEM IS I 've already done

term: DMs
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: dms
context 1: 3 weeks . Send me DMs if you ’d like .
context 2: in the comments or in DMs , I * think *
context 3: was my goal . my DMs are legit out of control

term: Karagamas
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: karagamas
context 1: got in contact with Mr Karagamas assistant back in end of
context 2: could send them to Mr Karagamas assistant so he could take
context 3: I am currently under Dr Karagamas former clinic in Manchester on

term: 60s
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: 60
context 1: - my normal resting is 60s or 70s ) . In
context 2: . I 'm in my 60s , and I know the
context 3: demographic is mostly 30s - 60s is because while symptoms become

term: AC
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ac
context 1: ? I have taken Pepcid AC today and the acidity is
context 2: had cured the issue with AC and said everything looked normal
context 3: . You might need Pepcid AC so anything that comes up

term: Delta
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: delta
context 1: form ? I regularly take Delta 9 THC gummies for sleep
context 2: since starting to regularly use Delta 9 , I 've noticed
context 3: Lieve Delsupehe at the Az Delta clinic in Belgium . I

term: presents
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: present
context 1: , rather than upper as presents in typical noburp . I
context 2: my sternum . It sometimes presents with arm and back /
context 3: active push once the air presents itself as ready to escape

term: winding
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wind
context 1: air out as I find winding myself sometimes helps and dancing
context 2: found out I have narrow winding nasal cavity so it hurt
context 3: YouTube video called ‘ wonky winding ’ for burping babies that

term: strongest
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: strong
context 1: product of botox at its strongest , which is not the
context 2: half hour later with the strongest taste of vomit in my
context 3: has been one of the strongest tools for me . So

term: knuckles
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: knuckle
context 1: My emetophobic ass was just knuckles deep into my throat to
context 2: the way to my lowest knuckles with my fingertips sliding down
context 3: kind of pressure with my knuckles , moving slightly up -

term: MI
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: mi
context 1: in St. Clair Shores , MI on 11/30 but I am
context 2: * St. Clair Shores , MI : Dr. Adam Rubin -
context 3: * St. Clair Shores , MI : Dr. Adam Rubin -

term: Leandro
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: leandro
context 1: Jin Yoo ( KP San Leandro , Bay Area ) and
context 2: Mi Jin Yoon in San Leandro , CA or Dr. Richard
context 3: Mi Jin Yoo at San Leandro Kaiser in the Bay Area

term: then
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: then
context 1: ribs very intensely , and then I get a gurgle /
context 2: let anything out and since then it has just learnt to
context 3: you full of air and then leave you to burp it

term: giggling
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: giggle
context 1: it . Or my boyfriend giggling at me and assuring me
context 2: Reddit and now I 'm giggling away because of how humorous
context 3: After several months of him giggling at my " burples "

term: dissipates
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: dissipate
context 1: my throat . Eventually it dissipates , but if I 'm
context 2: of nausea until the gas dissipates . is it setting off
context 3: the body , and slowly dissipates and gets absorbed by the

term: TYIA
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: tyia
context 1: this with my lunch . TYIA !!
context 2: be great to hear ! TYIA
context 3: words would be appreciated . TYIA :) )

term: celiacs
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: celiac
context 1: , i was diagnosed with celiacs disease via blood test ,
context 2: an endoscopy to confirm the celiacs . The doctor that does
context 3: i had IBS caused by celiacs . I mentioned the fact

term: Ahhh
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ahhh
context 1: Ahhh
context 2: say the stretched vowels " Ahhh ... Eee ... Uuuu ...
context 3: Ahhh I ’m definitely concerned about

term: A2
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: a2
context 1: A2 Milk
context 2: sure about the hype around A2 milk ( with only the
context 3: milk ( with only the A2 type of betacasein ) but

term: Speak
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: speak
context 1: get this looked at ? Speak to a GP ??
context 2: top tips : 1 ) Speak to his secretary , Jo
context 3: keep in mind ) . Speak with the technician or the

term: baked
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: bake
context 1: For lunch I had a baked potato and chicken nuggets on
context 2: idea to eat an entire baked potato in one bite .
context 3: ! I ate a whole baked potato in one bite at

term: Medi
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: medi
context 1: insurance ( which unfortunately is Medi - Cal because I 've
context 2: take cash because I have Medi - Cal . I do
context 3: ALLOWED to take me because Medi - Cal actually BLOCKS me

term: Cal
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: cal
context 1: which unfortunately is Medi - Cal because I 've been unable
context 2: because I have Medi - Cal . I do n't know
context 3: take me because Medi - Cal actually BLOCKS me from getting

term: disrupts
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: disrupt
context 1: an actor , so it disrupts rehearsal and happens in the
context 2: When it is occurring it disrupts everything that I do ,
context 3: its own . It definitely disrupts my day . And having

term: SURE
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: sure
context 1: a nurse and I was SURE that this was acid reflux
context 2: then I relax , MAKE SURE TO KEEP BREATHING ( to
context 3: LIMIT STIMULANT USE OR MAKE SURE TO FOLLOW PREVIOUS STUFF MORE

term: protruding
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: protrude
context 1: weight my stomach still is protruding . I do n't exercise
context 2: life I have had a protruding bone in the middle of
context 3: Does anyone else have a protruding bone in the middle of

term: EXCEPT
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: except
context 1: for surgery . Cool . EXCEPT IT TRIPLES THE PRICE OF
context 2: burp with no problems . EXCEPT for when , in a
context 3: chocking and I agree , EXCEPT if you swallow a bite

term: tasks
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: task
context 1: sleep and perform normal everyday tasks comfortably . I am very
context 2: habits , day to day tasks , sex life , working
context 3: a respirator when doing simple tasks ; like doing my nails

term: reffered
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: refer
context 1: the botox administration and some reffered pressure on my left collar
context 2: Hi , today I got reffered to dr. Snelleman in the
context 3: it ’s possible to get reffered to botox treatment here …

term: HAPPENED
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: happene
context 1: . DAY THREE : IT HAPPENED !!! 10 past five this
context 2: 20 ( 8/20 ) IT HAPPENED . I had dinner and
context 3: of the bathroom like NOTHING HAPPENED ?! is this what you

term: Line
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: line
context 1: it . Called the Nurse Line with my Insurance .. they
context 2: to reach [ Crisis Text Line ] ( https://www.crisistextline.org/). You ’ll
context 3: Crisis Counselor from Crisis Text Line . - Call the [

term: Chiropractor
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: chiropractor
context 1: well ?.. Going to the Chiropractor ? .. Activated Charcoal for
context 2: ; https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/g1i81f/i_just_discovered_this_sub_heres_how_i_cured_my/ How ? : Chiropractor Summary : - chiropractor did
context 3: have double jointed shoulders . Chiropractor mentioned that I should look

term: Charcoal
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: charcoal
context 1: the Chiropractor ? .. Activated Charcoal for some ? ( No..
context 2: at all . ) * Charcoal Tablets - No improvement &#x200B
context 3: up ' the gas . Charcoal toast is good , bread

term: sped
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: spe
context 1: effortlessly and my digestive system sped up . I sleep on
context 2: think all the heat really sped up the process . I
context 3: was the opposite and everything sped up to get the air

term: Somewhere
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: somewhere
context 1: keeping the air internal . Somewhere between the second and third
context 2: chewing gum all day . Somewhere throughout that whole process maybe
context 3: burp . With flavor ! Somewhere between a microburp and a

term: implying
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: imply
context 1: kinda tired of my friends implying I was making this ‘
context 2: never understood what people were implying with these comments , because
context 3: to burp . Is he implying anatomically , our esophagus is

term: dared
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: dare
context 1: 100 % gone . I dared to have another seltzer for
context 2: a challenge ) a guy dared me to shotgun a beer
context 3: does . Then the dude dared me to do it again

term: rescheduling
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: reschedule
context 1: you will likely end up rescheduling your procedure if you 're
context 2: few months of scheduling and rescheduling , it ’s finally done
context 3: injection , should I consider rescheduling the Botox injection ? If

term: regurgitations
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: regurgitation
context 1: had no problems swallowing or regurgitations . I gradually started to
context 2: I lie down ( no regurgitations ) and release air or
context 3: I 'm not scared of regurgitations anymore , and I do

term: leveled
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: level
context 1: , it 's like everything leveled out and is normal .
context 2: and that it 's finally leveled out . Hopefully it remains
context 3: like I said , everything leveled out and I 'm good

term: conferences
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: conference
context 1: about the condition and attends conferences / holds interdisciplinary reviews with
context 2: discussed more and more at conferences within the field , so
context 3: has presented at several international conferences would be a good sign

term: soaked
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: soak
context 1: for masks ! The napkins soaked up my saliva , and
context 2: numbing agent . He then soaked some gauze in the same
context 3: So actually , things that soaked up moisture worked better and

term: Nasal
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nasal
context 1: before attempting to drink . Nasal spray helps , too .
context 2: put me at ease . Nasal scope was easy , nothing
context 3: Big 4 ? Lethargy / Nasal Congestion Feeling

term: Smoothies
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: smoothie
context 1: swallowing is a chore . Smoothies / shakes are my best
context 2: liquid nutrition options ? ** Smoothies , nutrition shakes , etc
context 3: , but not awful . Smoothies and the Ensure meal replacement

term: Physically
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: physically
context 1: ’re turning into burps . Physically and mentally not feeling good
context 2: yoga ) - 5 x Physically manipulating the throat ( cricoid
context 3: sleep quality etc ) - Physically , what made you realize

term: MAJOR
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: major
context 1: first night that I had MAJOR relief from burping and it
context 2: or anything . I have MAJOR fear of throwing up .
context 3: annoyance but recently coffee causes MAJOR gurgles and pain . So

term: Wild
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wild
context 1: ? And feel better ? Wild . The only thing that
context 2: in public felt imminent . Wild .
context 3: tighten up the LES . Wild guess , because on the

term: nursing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nurse
context 1: laid low all day today nursing my hangover . Before the
context 2: a lot , and the nursing staff were terrible and injured
context 3: best to fit in by nursing my drinks and pretending like

term: grilled
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: grill
context 1: a light diet . Some grilled fish for dinner and lots
context 2: ! Should ’ve skipped the grilled cheese 😬 any tips ?
context 3: up , eat a few grilled cheese sandwiches , lie down

term: generalized
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: generalize
context 1: with / suspect you have generalized anxiety disorder , panic disorder
context 2: due to a kind of generalized anxiety ( ie psychosomatic )
context 3: and seen multiple doctors regarding generalized GI issues . I ’ve

term: ’S
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: be
context 1: I get home 😂. HERE ’S TO BURPING !!
context 2: TO TOP THE " ADAM ’S APPLE " and kept it
context 3: you , said “ THERE ’S A NAME FOR THIS !?

term: antibodies
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: antibody
context 1: lack the proper amount of antibodies for upper respiratory infections ,
context 2: disease and she showed some antibodies for it . We also
context 3: gallbladder is perfect , covid antibodies test was negative . lmk

term: ovaries
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ovary
context 1: honestly thought I twisted my ovaries or something \- I ended
context 2: due to adenomyosis - kept ovaries ) , also had to
context 3: ca n't really see my ovaries because of the gas and

term: Kentucky
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: kentucky
context 1: the Southern Indiana or Louisville Kentucky area ?
context 2: Ohio , West Virginia , Kentucky , Virginia . ) I
context 3: am on Jan 28th in Kentucky . I had my procedure

term: Intro
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: intro
context 1: The full story . ** Intro ** I am a lifelong
context 2: incredibly helpful and informative . Intro + Day 1 So after
context 3: Intro post from yesterday is [

term: Jesper
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: jesper
context 1: of NoBurp doctors : Dr. Jesper Balle Charlottenlund Privathospital Jægersborg Alle
context 2: . I 'm seeing Dr. Jesper Balle . I had a
context 3: will find a post from Jesper Rasmussen Balle - the ENT

term: Laryngopharyngeal
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: laryngopharyngeal
context 1: still there but is now Laryngopharyngeal Reflux ( LPR , also
context 2: I suspect it might be Laryngopharyngeal Reflux ( Silent Reflux )
context 3: Laryngopharyngeal Reflux and non-burping - anyone

term: Allergy
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: allergy
context 1: for tomorrow afternoon with a Allergy ENT doctor in New Albany
context 2: Dr. Jared Wasserman at ENT Allergy in Hackensack , New Jersey
context 3: is another user . ENT Allergy Associates 880 3rd Avenue TD

term: Veterans
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: veteran
context 1: George E. Wahlen Department of Veterans Affairs to try and solve
context 2: or Chat with the [ Veterans Crisis Line ] ( https://www.veteranscrisisline.net/).
context 3: responders with the Department of Veterans Affairs , many who are

term: copies
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: copy
context 1: point where I have multiple copies of Dr. Bastian 's research
context 2: My girlfriend and I brought copies of the studies we found
context 3: relatively new developments . Bring copies of doctor Bastians papers to

term: labelled
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: label
context 1: child , which doctors have labelled as IBS symptoms . Sound
context 2: tell them , you are labelled as " self - diagnosed
context 3: thing * , so they labelled my throat gurgles my "

term: quirks
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: quirk
context 1: to identify my other " quirks " as symptoms related to
context 2: new people and discussing weird quirks . Often it seems to
context 3: questioning my body 's " quirks " . Of most interest

term: oops
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: oop
context 1: ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSebYi-dRBl00Jjyfw8cG6hqnb54sGceWAlDG79wgZTIPDUlcA/viewform?usp=sf_link). Cheers edit : oops meant to title it 2019
context 2: . I just think : oops , I ate too much
context 3: thought about notaliving myself ( oops ) , and then he

term: heated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: heat
context 1: morning when things started getting heated again , the noises started
context 2: got fuzzy grippy socks , heated blankets , and a comfy
context 3: Vibrating heated seat cover vs no burp

term: accumulated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: accumulate
context 1: pass the gas i ’ve accumulated throughout the day that i
context 2: worse when I feel gas accumulated on my esophagus ( between
context 3: role and I have not accumulated days off so I will

term: pending
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pend
context 1: Two years later and , pending clearance from my primary ,
context 2: had been showing as a pending $ 3400 amount owed and
context 3: and that will push a pending burp out . They 're

term: pubs
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pub
context 1: office and at bars / pubs . I would go to
context 2: noburp ) sufferer in some pubs and bars . Wine is
context 3: what other noburpers drink at pubs , bars and parties to

term: obligations
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: obligation
context 1: have no school or work obligations . thank you in advance
context 2: n't eat even when professional obligations mean I should order off
context 3: and pain when i had obligations to fulfil . i ’ve

term: flexors
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: flexor
context 1: The lower trapezoid and neck flexors are weaker . I was
context 2: abs . It 's hip flexors , pelvic floor , parts
context 3: off " with my hip flexors . I know this sub

term: appeals
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: appeal
context 1: had luck with coverage or appeals ? Any advice ? What
context 2: Aetna ) has denied multiple appeals from my doctor , including
context 3: Anyone have luck with insurance appeals ?

term: somethings
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: something
context 1: to burp ? What are somethings you can do to get
context 2: inability to burp , but somethings I have scare me (
context 3: It ’s kind of like somethings pushing on your gag reflex

term: AN
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: a
context 1: articles are like THIS IS AN EXTREME CONDITION THAT YOU WILL
context 2: the left . THIS IS AN IMPORTANT STEP IN THE PROCCESS
context 3: HERE . BELOW IS JUST AN EDUCATED GUESS OF WHAT HAPPENS

term: pauses
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pause
context 1: day I have to take pauses in my speech , because
context 2: or something with frequent short pauses followed by frequent short burps
context 3: because I have to take pauses to wince between every gulp

term: colder
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: cold
context 1: or open the curtain to colder air to catch a breath
context 2: heat and feel better in colder temps ?
context 3: . Chicago is a little colder than I would have preferred

term: Nevada
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nevada
context 1: treatment in the state of Nevada .. feeling very nervous .
context 2: Maine | Mississippi |Montana | Nevada | New Hampshire | |
context 3: near NorCal ? Oregon ? Nevada ?

term: Down
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: down
context 1: Down the Gurgler
context 2: eating and have to Lie Down flat on my back for
context 3: Down - angled chair seat took

term: DISCLAIMER
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: disclaimer
context 1: DISCLAIMER : I would never condone
context 2: technique to burp . }}} DISCLAIMER : PLEASE DO NOT TRY
context 3: fake cough + fart . DISCLAIMER : Do n’t try this

term: departments
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: department
context 1: various NHS and government health departments ... I think this is
context 2: because their ENT and gastroenterology departments were n't sure which we
context 3: to the NKO / ENT departments in UZA , UZG ,

term: monitoring
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: monitoring
context 1: are Manometry and esophageal ph monitoring . I am really terrified
context 2: a year for 24 pH monitoring which is a year waitlist
context 3: was like “ just keep monitoring ” and left the room

term: Whitney
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: whitney
context 1: , I checked in with Whitney , who is super nice
context 2: . I 'm here after Whitney Cummings talked about getting Botox
context 3: and they copied someone named Whitney on the email and said

term: Russian
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: russian
context 1: Sex video chat with Russian girls . Free registration .
context 2: story short , I am Russian 17 - year old lower
context 3: shoulder taps , crunches and Russian twists . I also think

term: MTHFR
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: mthfr
context 1: , I also have a MTHFR mutation that causes folic acid
context 2: I have MTHFR , heart palpitations , anxiety
context 3: across info regarding 5 - MTHFR gene variation , and magnesium

term: wretching
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wretching
context 1: , often leading to dry wretching . Spent a lot of
context 2: adolescence unsure why I was wretching in club toilets after one
context 3: to the point of ALMOST wretching and then remove my fingers

term: recs
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: rec
context 1: , if so - any recs ? And anything else I
context 2: Doctor recs for the Botox in California
context 3: referral . Any suggestions / recs ? Thank you !! :)

term: inconvenienced
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: inconvenience
context 1: , for fear of being inconvenienced , and it affects a
context 2: over the years although has inconvenienced my life since childhood .
context 3: op , from ' slightly inconvenienced ' to ' have barely

term: oils
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: oil
context 1: also trying things with essential oils , and I 'm going
context 2: brand contains fennel and ginger oils , which made my farts
context 3: pick up some peppermint essential oils and as soon as I

term: rented
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: rent
context 1: recovering from major surgery and rented a restaurant to thank everyone
context 2: area , I should have rented a car tbh . There
context 3: dr Bastians office . We rented a car for about 300

term: Asked
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ask
context 1: the Bastian papers . I Asked him what is your hourly
context 2: is n't well researched . Asked if I can swallow fine
context 3: the Bastian papers . I Asked him what is your hourly

term: sliced
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: slice
context 1: 1 ) Boil sliced ginger root for 10 mins
context 2: like my muscle was being sliced open . This intense pain
context 3: soda room to avoid being sliced up by the fan .

term: unlocked
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: unlock
context 1: the impression that it « unlocked » something . After this
context 2: the UES is slowly " unlocked " . **1 EXERCISE (
context 3: is ** I 've now unlocked a new level of gurgle

term: incisions
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: incision
context 1: considerable pain from the surgery incisions as expected , especially the
context 2: more painful than the actual incisions / appendicitis . I finally
context 3: , that surgery involved abdominal incisions and removal of a small

term: Benadryl
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: benadryl
context 1: vomiting and was also on Benadryl for the same thing but
context 2: , I was given some Benadryl . I was also kind
context 3: nights where I take a Benadryl or an edible to force

term: strips
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: strip
context 1: about . I use nail strips as opposed to traditional polish
context 2: nt help . Can feel strips of loose skin in the
context 3: always nauseaus ) and it strips away my whole life and

term: rushes
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: rushe
context 1: heart palpitations , frequent adrenaline rushes / “ heart drop ”
context 2: near my gums and just rushes in . I usually go
context 3: I get frequently ( adrenaline rushes , heart palpitations , etc

term: hacks
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: hack
context 1: . Does anyone have any hacks or tips for this please
context 2: I tried all of the hacks on here and nothing helped
context 3: provide quick feedback regarding nutrition hacks or surefire “ no ”s

term: doors
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: door
context 1: begin ! I feel like doors have opened up for me
context 2: have had multiple pulmonologists slam doors in my face and not
context 3: farting the moment those train doors closed . As someone who

term: prescribing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: prescribe
context 1: , and now he is prescribing me muscle relaxant pills ,
context 2: doctor today who ended up prescribing Linzess for IBS - C
context 3: GERD medication but he kept prescribing medication that was n't covered

term: Maine
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: maine
context 1: |Hawai'i |Louisiana | |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| | Maine | Mississippi |Montana | Nevada
context 2: ) . I live in Maine , and she is in
context 3: Any Providers Closer to Maine ?

term: provinces
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: province
context 1: in there , particularly in provinces and territories that remain untouched
context 2: injection are located in other provinces in Canada , like Ontario
context 3: to see her from other provinces , so you can have

term: worlds
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: world
context 1: I guess best of both worlds right ? Never did the
context 2: got the worst of both worlds with the Botox . Not
context 3: have the best of both worlds in that my recovery was

term: Off
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: off
context 1: gas . Not dating . Off work . Watching comedies and
context 2: do n’t expect them ! Off to play tennis again as
context 3: Hey all , Off for my second dose with

term: tilts
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: tilt
context 1: the Cricothyroid muscle ( which tilts the thyroid forward to help
context 2: of water . The head tilts and turns definitely get them
context 3: a chair that kind of tilts back , which may be

term: Xmas
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: xmas
context 1: crazy ! Chatting away at Xmas meal with my mates and
context 2: were into the holidays with Xmas and New Years so I
context 3: do it , especially around Xmas time . I never had

term: Merry
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: merry
context 1: Merry Christmas fellow no burpers ,
context 2: Merry Christmas everyone , I had
context 3: Merry Burpmas !

term: Training
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: training
context 1: bloated and gurgling ) \- Training to raise my adam ’s
context 2: at the end ) \- Training to rise my adam 's
context 3: this possible . 1 . Training my oesophagal flap ( idk

term: interacts
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: interact
context 1: relate to how this condition interacts with mental health issues .
context 2: am on an antibiotic that interacts with antacids , so Tums
context 3: tracker , diary function and interacts with you - based on

term: spices
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: spice
context 1: at garlic / onion / spices without belching for hours .
context 2: it was difficult , the spices in the food burned a
context 3: Just wanted to add that spices do NOT seem to make

term: chills
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: chill
context 1: been blessed with gives me chills . Anyway , I 'm
context 2: Headache , body aches / chills , stomach upset , high
context 3: like I ’m getting the chills and almost like a hiccup

term: Continuing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: continue
context 1: Continuing the updates as a patient
context 2: get it fully down . Continuing to burp by turning my
context 3: to do this movement .** Continuing these exercises ( and also

term: Whoa
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: whoa
context 1: Whoa , first post Botox beers
context 2: pain . Day 9 : Whoa ! Major progress . 🎉
context 3: like I did here . Whoa . Throughout the day ,

term: delivered
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: deliver
context 1: pm and I had food delivered and the nurse took out
context 2: patients . That dose is delivered in partial amounts to several
context 3: pm and I had food delivered and the nurse took out

term: Massachusetts
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: massachusetts
context 1: I have state insurance ( Massachusetts ) and based on what
context 2: this post * Boston , Massachusetts : Dr. Thomas Carroll at
context 3: this post * Boston , Massachusetts : Dr. Thomas Carroll at

term: Context
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: context
context 1: it was silent reflux . Context : I do have gerd
context 2: ’ve been doing worse . Context I also have endometriosis and
context 3: the doc say ? * Context : I did n't want

term: Willy
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: willy
context 1: blow up like Violet from Willy Wonka . Are there any
context 2: drink scene from the 70s Willy Wonka . Delightful , heavenly
context 3: Watching Willy Wonka and I realised that

term: bullied
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: bull
context 1: with this because I was bullied by family members for "
context 2: about yours ? Were you bullied and picked on a lot
context 3: where it embarrassed you / bullied you , then that 's

term: Welch
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: welch
context 1: Dr. Melissa Mortensen - Welch is an Angel
context 2: Albany with Dr. Mortensen - Welch and did n’t start burping
context 3: My doctor ( Mortensen - Welch ) told me that one

term: boggling
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: boggle
context 1: The relief is honestly mind boggling and I ca n’t believe
context 2: and it was so mind boggling ! I did n't know
context 3: , it 's truly mind boggling . There 's a subreddit

term: Omaha
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: omaha
context 1: with Dr. Bingcang in the Omaha , NE area . He
context 2: done with Dr. Bingcang in Omaha , NE . Day 0
context 3: turned 25 and live in Omaha , Nebraska . My biggest

term: NE
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ne
context 1: Bingcang in the Omaha , NE area . He was great
context 2: Dr. Bingcang in Omaha , NE . Day 0 : Procedure
context 3: ENT ’s in Omaha , NE that are in network for

term: BURPS
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: burps
context 1: not one , but FOUR BURPS IN ONE NIGHT ! I
context 2: car , again and again BURPS ! Just all of a
context 3: plus side : SO MANY BURPS ! It is WONDERFUL !

term: inquired
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: inquire
context 1: had my first appointment and inquired my ENT about R -
context 2: to vomit . This person inquired about some symptoms and then
context 3: in the states ( I inquired about him since that doctor

term: fixating
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: fixate
context 1: OCD so my brain is fixating on wanting to fix my
context 2: Unsurprisingly , I find myself fixating and worrying about my throat
context 3: scrolling through this subreddit , fixating on the posts about scary

term: trapping
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: trapp
context 1: unintentionally swallowing and it ’s trapping more gas in my stomach
context 2: 's are this clear mucosa trapping air . No medications help
context 3: larger and more effective at trapping stomach gasses than it should

term: sparking
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: spark
context 1: . Came home and drank sparking water and forced a few
context 2: just downed two bottles of sparking water and I feel very
context 3: and drinking ( charcuterie , sparking wine , chili , snacks

term: ACTUAL
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: actual
context 1: and ... 6:15 pm FIRST ACTUAL SPONTANEOUS BURP Again 6:38 !
context 2: botox 2 times and experienced ACTUAL acid - reflux for the
context 3: after eating a large meal ACTUAL EXPLANATION : 20F ) soooo

term: groans
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: groan
context 1: says as her throat makes groans and gurgles right after eating
context 2: of a deceased person 's groans somewhere deep inside and it
context 3: I first feel the throat groans starting , is kinda puffing

term: reoccurring
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: reoccurr
context 1: have ; • is treatment reoccurring ? • how much is
context 2: other no - burpers get reoccurring strep throat while growing up
context 3: So I occasionally get this reoccurring problem where I wake up

term: Lean
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: lean
context 1: Keep your core strong , Lean your head back a little
context 2: Tried different techniques tilted head Lean forward nothing seems to working
context 3: pork are also intolerable . Lean meats like chicken & turkey

term: outweighed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: outweigh
context 1: of freedom from RCPD far outweighed some short term suffering .
context 2: and any negatives were far outweighed by the positives !
context 3: to have a normal life outweighed it and I am so

term: EAT
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: eat
context 1: , and I can actually EAT FOOD . Sometimes I 'll
context 2: IF YOU 'RE HUNGRY , EAT . IF YOU 'RE NOT
context 3: there just wanted me to EAT and EAT and EAT and

term: TOTALLY
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: totally
context 1: 3 months then this is TOTALLY worth it . I booked
context 2: they ’re out i feel TOTALLY normal . someone please tell
context 3: doctor and it ’s a TOTALLY different ( and better !

term: Ashli
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ashli
context 1: , South Carolina : Dr. Ashli O'Rourke [ https://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-ashli-orourke-gf5c6](https://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-ashli-orourke-gf5c6) \- source
context 2: , South Carolina : Dr. Ashli O'Rourke * Albany , New
context 3: Ashli O’Rourke

term: conditioned
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: condition
context 1: until now ! I have conditioned myself to have an extremely
context 2: a carbonated drink for example conditioned that you are gon na
context 3: , it ’s like I conditioned myself to do that ,

term: crystals
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: crystal
context 1: me drink these little fizzy crystals that as soon as you
context 2: forced me to swallow air crystals despite me begging him not
context 3: the “ gas tablet / crystals ” ( basically just straight

term: defining
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: define
context 1: Dr Bastian ’s medical paper defining R - CPD and describing
context 2: as well , but not defining characteristics
context 3: , as it ’s the defining criterion of this condition .

term: hmmm
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: hmm
context 1: i suffer from this ? hmmm . i have never been
context 2: and think to myself “ hmmm this could make things worse
context 3: to release gas " " hmmm must be acid buildup !

term: upsets
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: upset
context 1: large amounts if any , upsets my belly unless I accompany
context 2: but I ’m afraid it upsets my stomach or causes more
context 3: constantly which I feel like upsets my stomach even more .

term: EXERCISE
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: exercise
context 1: " unlocked " . **1 EXERCISE ( THE FUNDAMENTAL EXERCISE )
context 2: **1 EXERCISE ( THE FUNDAMENTAL EXERCISE ) with progress :** [
context 3: ) * ** 2 ° EXERCISE : “ AIR VOMITING ”

term: Compared
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: compare
context 1: progress :** [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDZ8zMZHUuA) (* Compared to the video I do
context 2: for the RCPD procedure . Compared to Dr. Bastian , all
context 3: y " to me . Compared to what a " normal

term: HOPE
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: hope
context 1: effects . YOU MUST HAVE HOPE IF YOU RECOGNIZE SMALL POSITIVE
context 2: THIS IS THE KEY . HOPE , DETERMINATION , PERSEVERANCE .
context 3: SO HAPPY . THERE IS HOPE FOR US YET

term: IMPORTANT
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: important
context 1: interpreted this as a VERY IMPORTANT SIGNAL . I have therefore
context 2: ) - air vomit — IMPORTANT : try not to air
context 3: left . THIS IS AN IMPORTANT STEP IN THE PROCCESS IN

term: Lol.
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: lol.
context 1: the name for this issue Lol. Ridiculous . Gurgling all my
context 2: it , anyone can . Lol. ( I suffer from severe
context 3: has turned my poo runny Lol. like I 'm getting diarea

term: Belching
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: belching
context 1: Phantom Belching Tutorial Example files needed
context 2: files that go with Phantoms Belching Tutorial . There are examples
context 3: for everyone here . [ Belching : How does it work

term: labored
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: labore
context 1: . There are examples of labored inhaling , hiccupping , loaded
context 2: ( sometimes my breathing feels labored bc of the fullness )
context 3: was a bit slow and labored for a couple of days

term: devices
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: device
context 1: space on one of my devices . Thank you for reading
context 2: research , papers , current devices , interviews , anything to
context 3: n't they have these sodastream devices in your country ? :D

term: Breathe
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: breathe
context 1: with soda without gas . Breathe out through your nose and
context 2: 's what I do . Breathe in or out and then
context 3: out . u / polykath Breathe out normally , your diaphragm

term: napped
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: napp
context 1: and - cheese , and napped for the rest of the
context 2: could n’t sleep whilst I napped like many mums do .
context 3: 4 hours - and then napped on the sofa and went

term: aiming
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: aim
context 1: answering some questions for people aiming to cure themselves . I
context 2: ago after my botox procedure aiming to spread awareness of RCPD
context 3: was about what I was aiming for . However , with

term: outlining
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: outline
context 1: an original post in 2020 outlining what helped me in learning
context 2: CPD send me an e-mail outlining your symptoms and if I
context 3: support and all the posts outlining what to expect .

term: Ho
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ho
context 1: your mouth a bit ? Ho did you deal with that
context 2: It 's horrible . Ho - rri - ble .
context 3: inspired by using a Dr. Ho muscle massage / pain therapy

term: BPM
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: bpm
context 1: despite my hyperventilating . My BPM was just chalked up to
context 2: is invariably 10 to 20 BPM higher for the same intensity
context 3: rate goes down by 10 BPM for about half a minute

term: drawbacks
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: drawback
context 1: and what all the potential drawbacks are . If the shaker
context 2: you know the benefits and drawbacks of both ?
context 3: , but not without its drawbacks . My acid reflux used

term: snuck
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: sneak
context 1: couple hours , then we snuck into another tent that offered
context 2: a tiny 1 PSI burp snuck its way out , totally
context 3: parents ; I have never snuck out before Cus I live

term: Schatzki
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: schatzki
context 1: investigated the possibility of a Schatzki Ring ? After some googling
context 2: inability to burp : The Schatzki Ring
context 3: by a narrowing of the Schatzki ring . I researched the

term: Ring
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ring
context 1: the possibility of a Schatzki Ring ? After some googling ,
context 2: a siren sound : ‘ Ring ’ , ‘ Mmm ’
context 3: ( GERD & Shatzki 's Ring ) and I 'm so

term: Karen
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: karen
context 1: working with Unique Hammond and Karen Hurds dietary recommendations . I
context 2: ago in Montreal by Dr Karen Kost . I have a
context 3: : Vancouver , Canada Dr. Karen M. Kost , Location :

term: Soreness
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: soreness
context 1: 2 post -op ) : Soreness is gone , but eating
context 2: Soreness after nasalaryngoscopy ?
context 3: Day 2** : Uneventful . Soreness is going away - no

term: tutorials
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: tutorial
context 1: frustration , I searched for tutorials of how to burp at
context 2: did n't work , burp tutorials did n't work , throat
context 3: ] btw.. Are there any tutorials or guides to this ?

term: Buffalo
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: buffalo
context 1: Dr. Shaun Baker - Buffalo , NY
context 2: help anybody out in the Buffalo / Western , NY area
context 3: ! Dr. Shaun Baker at Buffalo Medical Group ENT just did

term: emptied
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: empty
context 1: ’m rly hungry ( and emptied my gases by lying down
context 2: poisoning and ... everything got emptied . Felt great after though
context 3: never feel like I ’ve emptied myself fully , I have

term: Practicing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: practice
context 1: 9 days post botox . Practicing with carbonation and just started
context 2: normally throughout the day . Practicing with soda is fun since
context 3: less bloated than usual . Practicing with soda . Simply can

term: picks
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pick
context 1: find out costs before he picks your pocket while innocently looking
context 2: caused diarrhea ( my gut picks up bugs really easily !
context 3: would be where it really picks up , but I seem

term: Lehman
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: lehman
context 1: any experiences with Dr Jeffrey Lehman in Orlando , FL ?
context 2: an initial consult with Dr Lehman at the end of January
context 3: only ) injection with Dr. Lehman in Orlando . Had a

term: coped
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: cope
context 1: ignore it and just about coped . Thankfully , it never
context 2: was not a feeling I coped well with . She helped
context 3: many years now and have coped but still ca n’t really

term: Realistically
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: realistically
context 1: initial stage of recovery . Realistically , how much time should
context 2: procedure would never come . Realistically , if it were n’t
context 3: / go out drinking . Realistically that ’s not going to

term: BOTH
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: both
context 1: situps and the stretch ( BOTH are equally important I think
context 2: when I drink alcohol ( BOTH non-carbonated and carbonated alcohol )
context 3: a few subtle changes in BOTH esophageal sphincters , my larynx

term: dads
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: dad
context 1: do n’t drink . My dads father had prostrate cancer and
context 2: at a restaurant for my dads birthday 11 days post procedure
context 3: convinced it runs in my dads side , because so many

term: cancers
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: cancer
context 1: dying of one of those cancers that google says ??? On
context 2: but not for all the cancers they caused so they just
context 3: , disorders , or even cancers are extremely rare and yet

term: Fried
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: fry
context 1: Cake * Dense breads * Fried food / breading * Drinks
context 2: Fried foods or tomato based sauces
context 3: 1 . Gluten 2 . Fried foods 3 . Spicy /

term: Whiskey
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: whiskey
context 1: * Wine * Beer * Whiskey * Coffee * Tea *
context 2: if not you can do Whiskey on the rocks or vodka
context 3: Whiskey and apple juice . Negronis

term: Horrible
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: horrible
context 1: Horrible poops ?
context 2: what they sound like . Horrible , disgusting smelling and tasting
context 3: finally figured out what the Horrible Rotten Fish taste I 've

term: removes
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: remove
context 1: and being able to burp removes the severe pain and difficulty
context 2: is a restrictive diet that removes high - FODMAP foods from
context 3: see if this reduces or removes that pain you ’re talking

term: nicer
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nice
context 1: to control it to sound nicer but for now I do
context 2: could n't have been any nicer . My wife was a
context 3: is easier , cleaner and nicer than using my finger which

term: Force
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: force
context 1: : * Drinking soda . Force burbs * Be relaxed (
context 2: get more microburps ? 3- Force myself to air vomit to
context 3: think like a noburper . Force and technique ARE needed and

term: Fish
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: fish
context 1: effects of bloating . * Fish oil supplements * GasX (
context 2: Rotten Fish taste !!! Do n't take
context 3: taste !!! Do n't take Fish Oil Supplements after Botox .

term: compresses
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: compress
context 1: * Eating slowly * Hot compresses . Again , here is
context 2: out all your air and compresses all your abdominal muscles .
context 3: around the house with cold compresses and drinking fizzy water and

term: disordered
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: disorder
context 1: stomach pains and developed some disordered eating so I was drinking
context 2: overstated and whatever my sleep disordered breathing issues are , they
context 3: possible TW : talk of disordered eating Hello everyone . About

term: boiled
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: boil
context 1: was made about eating apples boiled or any other way besides
context 2: had a smoothie and hard boiled egg and the slow swallow
context 3: slim trim , and 2 boiled eggs later my belly is

term: dripping
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: drip
context 1: anybody else have constant saliva dripping from their mouth while brushing
context 2: from this daily nose - dripping . Anyone else has symptoms
context 3: nasal drip ( always feel dripping down throat and need to

term: Breath
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: breath
context 1: Abdominal ) - Normal * Breath Test / H. pylori Test
context 2: Abdominal ) - Normal * Breath Test / H. pylori Test
context 3: can . •** Shortness of Breath :** This one seems to

term: prioritizing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: prioritize
context 1: . Note : I am prioritizing Canadians . Wanted to give
context 2: support since your body is prioritizing survival . The question is
context 3: ’m back home I ’m prioritizing this more I ’ve talked

term: Oloriz
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: oloriz
context 1: Dr. Oloriz in Spain
context 2: in Spain ? ( Dr Oloriz , in Granada )
context 3: the botox prodecure with Dr Oloriz in Granada , Spain ?

term: hacking
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: hack
context 1: had post nasal drip / hacking up the last week or
context 2: problem that I ’m always hacking up caught phlegm in my
context 3: family that I will be hacking for the next few minutes

term: souls
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: soul
context 1: thank you , you kind souls ) … as they told
context 2: !! To the other penniless souls who are n't in a
context 3: / advice to you beautiful souls . * You DO NOT

term: milestones
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: milestone
context 1: ’ll keep updating here with milestones . I ’m down to
context 2: post as she reaches different milestones .
context 3: update with any other big milestones , because this community has

term: ALMOST
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: almost
context 1: get to the point of ALMOST wretching and then remove my
context 2: just an adjustment . I ALMOST do n't burp up food
context 3: DRINK WATER AFTER ALL OR ALMOST ALL BITES OF FOOD ,

term: Community
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: community
context 1: Dear Community , Today I ( 26
context 2: his Laryngopedia YouTube page under Community https://twitter.com/bastianvoicedoc/status/1641893144236118027?t=bw4oGSOFYfUWGPYryXFIeg&s=19
context 3: main r/NoBurp page . Select Community Options on the right -

term: hes
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: he
context 1: old and cant burp , hes been using the air vomit
context 2: dismissive and i just know hes going to dismiss this too
context 3: . - Then numerous times hes referred to the " risk

term: writting
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: write
context 1: Hi , I m writting here because I have since
context 2: to me , I 'm writting this just for looking for
context 3: guys , i feel weird writting here because as far as

term: highlighted
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: highlight
context 1: it . However , he highlighted some risks associated with this
context 2: a while , this easily highlighted the start of my weekend
context 3: I took a highlighter and highlighted the key points and all

term: Union
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: union
context 1: a train that goes from Union Station in Chicago to Downers
context 2: in most of the European Union , ( 000 ) in
context 3: to see her at Kaiser Union City . It was really

term: Target
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: target
context 1: .2 miles away and a Target within close walking distance as
context 2: . We hit up a Target to pick up a few
context 3: Waterloo sparkling water ( from Target ) for flavor and the

term: hospitalised
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: hospitalise
context 1: and I ended up being hospitalised for 10 days and my
context 2: - CPD ( I was hospitalised in June with acute gastric
context 3: hours before my appointment , hospitalised by kidney stone

term: strengthens
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: strengthen
context 1: degree . Any exersize that strengthens the pectoral muscles should help
context 2: works is because shakers exercise strengthens the Cricothyroid muscle . The
context 3: ? For me , that strengthens the left side .

term: SUCH
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: such
context 1: C : I often get SUCH bad bloat and heartburn after
context 2: out . But I have SUCH tension in my neck ...
context 3: very quickly . It 's SUCH a relief though and I

term: modifying
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: modify
context 1: in your throat , try modifying it / playing around until
context 2: wrong foods . I 'm modifying my diet and using the
context 3: until now I have been modifying my swallowing to act as

term: protocols
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: protocol
context 1: ’m not sure if their protocols have changed now but I
context 2: symptoms because the current treatment protocols are n’t equipped to help
context 3: - different hospitals have different protocols !

term: BMs
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: bms
context 1: use the restroom ( talkin BMs here ) it 'll go
context 2: regularity or quality of their BMs since getting treated ? In
context 3: it 's also causing urgent BMs . Whatever gas does n't

term: disrupting
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: disrupt
context 1: never mentioned to people how disrupting and awful it is ......
context 2: short , rcpd is violently disrupting my life . i want
context 3: at this point it 's disrupting his life . Acid reflux

term: Money
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: money
context 1: seem to be conclusive . Money is not the problem ,
context 2: to get the botox ? Money is not an issue here
context 3: like my worst nightmare . Money is extremely tight else I

term: Exhale
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: exhale
context 1: head to the right and Exhale Sharply , sometimes I use
context 2: my neck , Cough , Exhale etc ........... I do n't
context 3: pushing my jaw forward . Exhale a tiny bit but not

term: Annoying
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: annoy
context 1: understood and underexplored condition . Annoying , because I could have
context 2: before jumping to botox . Annoying , but fine . I
context 3: when I swallowed food . Annoying but easy to deal with

term: Wikipedia
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wikipedia
context 1: of person who reads the Wikipedia page for every film I
context 2: on the “ Dysphagia ” Wikipedia page . I realized it
context 3: we give it its own Wikipedia page ? I love the

term: BREATHE
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: breathe
context 1: . RELAX YOUR THROAT AND BREATHE and just focus on getting
context 2: because you will need to BREATHE . Step 9 : Repeat
context 3: horrible and being ABLE TO BREATHE ” . * FYI ,

term: Weissbrod
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: weissbrod
context 1: follow up appointment with Dr Weissbrod and he said he ca
context 2: at UCSD with Dr. Philip Weissbrod .
context 3: got the procedure by Dr. Weissbrod at UCSD yesterday ! Went

term: spilling
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: spill
context 1: ” where they were just spilling out of me uncontrollably ,
context 2: small microburps , to air spilling out uncontrollably , to now
context 3: Sorry if I end up spilling my whole life story ...

term: Czech
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: czech
context 1: . Does anyone know any Czech beer without the bubbles ?
context 2: Cured in the Czech Republic ..
context 3: my girlfriend who ’s from Czech , persuaded me to see

term: tapering
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: taper
context 1: . now that i ’m tapering off of the medication due
context 2: then it should hopefully be tapering down to normal levels once
context 3: 's a whole thing with tapering off them . I will

term: incapacitated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: incapacitate
context 1: I ’m more or less incapacitated for periods of the day
context 2: 9 year old girl incapacitated by stomach bloat and gas
context 3: hop up and am basically incapacitated by it for 3 seconds

term: Kamloops
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: kamloops
context 1: was dr Kevin zhao in Kamloops , if you ’re in
context 2: ? Langley ? Kelowna ? Kamloops ? Vernon ?
context 3: MUCH , I am in Kamloops ! I ’ll try to

term: Nurses
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nurse
context 1: am afraid of needles . Nurses were great , it 's
context 2: and just lied down . Nurses thought I was slacking .
context 3: was surprising to me . Nurses and doctors and the anesthesiologist

term: naps
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nap
context 1: . Did not take any naps and have not felt anything
context 2: just woke up from long naps . I 've been drinking
context 3: pretty shitty . Took multiple naps after popping a melatonin and

term: Posting
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: post
context 1: year on one hand . Posting this to hopefully give some
context 2: My natural success story :) Posting to help those in need
context 3: Posting on behalf of my husband

term: stinging
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: sting
context 1: stabbing behind the sternum , stinging shooting pains to the right
context 2: ribs but also can get stinging pains near my collar bones
context 3: gets involved and possibly the stinging comes from acid which is

term: scrunching
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: scrunch
context 1: I ’m bending over and scrunching my body and it gets
context 2: worse when bending over and scrunching the body but generally present
context 3: . Well . I 'm scrunching and the headaches have returned

term: pastas
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pasta
context 1: bread products . Soups & pastas are the easiest . Acid
context 2: down . ( Breads , pastas , tortilla chips were my
context 3: re : tomato - based pastas , heavy use of butter

term: antihistamines
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: antihistamine
context 1: . Also , truckloads of antihistamines wo n't even touch it
context 2: " but triple doses of antihistamines did n't touch it .
context 3: histamine reaction anyway . Taking antihistamines can sometimes help reduce the

term: Sparkling
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: sparkle
context 1: I eat or drink . Sparkling water is the best so
context 2: burps ” every time . Sparkling water was the best at
context 3: do n't blame him . Sparkling waters have become a welcomed

term: slapped
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: slap
context 1: figure out a cause and slapped the IBS label on it
context 2: £ 250 but now getting slapped with more than double the
context 3: , so then I got slapped with a General Anxiety Disorder

term: restricts
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: restrict
context 1: of weight and is severely restricts food . We are under
context 2: of my throat and it restricts my air flow though I
context 3: upper - abdominal , often restricts my breathing . * Often

term: barfed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: barf
context 1: barf either ( I only barfed once as a child and
context 2: told that if I have barfed everything out then its okay
context 3: unusual , i have nt barfed in years . i think

term: Trigger
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: trigger
context 1: own method of burping . Trigger warning : v*ing I first
context 2: Hello non burpers . * Trigger warning for my fellow Emetophobes
context 3: blockage in my throat . Trigger Warning for those who are

term: 30's
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: 30'
context 1: noted . In my late 30's round 3 started . I
context 2: that I 'm in my 30's . I 'm on PPI
context 3: and I 'm in my 30's now and still have n't

term: Esomeprazole
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: esomeprazole
context 1: ago I got prescribed with Esomeprazole ( to reglate my gastric
context 2: take a pill everyday ( Esomeprazole ) so I 'm not
context 3: no carbonation , I take Esomeprazole daily and drink as much

term: Prepare
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: prepare
context 1: will happen . 9 ) Prepare for the endoscopy , its
context 2: discovered silent reflux . 4. Prepare to spend far , far
context 3: a newly described condition . Prepare yourself a list of ENTs

term: Chugging
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: chugge
context 1: bottom of my throat . Chugging water , or even eating
context 2: probably a good thing . Chugging water was also somewhat difficult
context 3: with some verde sauce . Chugging a Sprite to see what

term: Jake
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: jake
context 1: Hey Jake Hurwitz from Naddpod and Jake
context 2: Jake Hurwitz from Naddpod and Jake and Amir , thanks for
context 3: Hi , I 'm Jake and I believe I pulled

term: Lucas
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: lucas
context 1: I also had access to Lucas in April and May 2022
context 2: so I could not get Lucas seen privately . Yes you
context 3: Lucas high resolution upper esophageal manometry

term: limbs
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: limb
context 1: , and all of my limbs are still in tact so
context 2: discomfort in my core or limbs , so it 's not
context 3: one half of two different limbs . It happens when I

term: laps
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: lap
context 1: the pool and start doing laps ... This causes a number
context 2: more often ( especially swimming laps and the bubbles are n’t
context 3: . It takes a few laps for me to get my

term: plugged
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: plugge
context 1: needed to pop so I plugged my nose and blew .
context 2: going through . Ears still plugged . Has this happened to
context 3: feel like your ears are plugged but you ca n't pop

term: Biggest
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: biggest
context 1: scrolling through the sub . Biggest symptoms 1 . Difficulty swallowing
context 2: Cannabis Biggest NoBurpTrigger
context 3: a normal person ! ** Biggest burping triggers ** \- carbonation

term: exited
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: exite
context 1: ? I ’m nervous and exited
context 2: at … i m so exited haha … . I am
context 3: weeks and I 'm so exited !

term: Fritz
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: fritz
context 1: my procedure with Dr. Mark Fritz at the University of Kentucky
context 2: one of whom was Dr. Fritz 's very close colleague at
context 3: We found out that Dr. Fritz is an Otolaryngologist with tons

term: Heya
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: heya
context 1: Heya everyone . So I recently
context 2: Heya :) I just wanted to
context 3: Heya , I 'll be moving

term: marathons
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: marathon
context 1: , So I run ultra marathons which involves alot of eating
context 2: . I ’ve ran half marathons in the hills every week
context 3: who are fat that run marathons . It 's not that

term: hinders
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: hinder
context 1: you can imagine , this hinders my life production wise because
context 2: . It ’s embarrassing and hinders parts of my life .
context 3: . I think the bloating hinders breathing fully . It also

term: masters
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: master
context 1: of 3 , getting my masters in counseling , in case
context 2: a rigorous in - person masters program - this is important
context 3: clients ( apart of the masters program ) and thought I

term: submitting
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: submitt
context 1: it makes any difference before submitting yourself to surgery . I
context 2: Earn this LEGO voucher by submitting your email address .
context 3: ” The doctors office is submitting an appeal so crossing my

term: tought
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: terce
context 1: i started to get that tought " if you drink that
context 2: moment beacause i remember that tought and now i am on
context 3: on burps , so i tought that problem would slightly improve

term: Sat
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: saturday
context 1: , just felt full . Sat on the couch for a
context 2: it was all done . Sat up slowly and genuinely felt
context 3: my best day ! ( Sat was pretty bad as my

term: Memorial
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: memorial
context 1: the botox procedure at Jefferson Memorial Hospital in Philadelphia , USA
context 2: parties planned , and a Memorial Day BBQ , and honestly
context 3: was looking at closer to Memorial Day if I wanted in

term: crunching
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: crunching
context 1: something that made an audible crunching sound ! Day 30 :
context 2: much as possible , while crunching my abs , helped to
context 3: at Sonic ( I like crunching that kind of ice )

term: bumping
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: bump
context 1: Sub trough my wife accidentally bumping into it and thought I
context 2: 's like the air is bumping into a ceiling , and
context 3: sleep and runs towards furniture bumping his stomach , ( I

term: Lyme
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: lyme
context 1: anyone have r- cpd and Lyme ?
context 2: / IBS due to chronic Lyme disease along with relentless Emetophobia
context 3: 4 years ago I acquired Lyme disease and it kinda fucked

term: texted
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: text
context 1: now but my mom just texted me saying my barium swallow
context 2: excited right now . Just texted a bunch of my friends
context 3: down and yelling and then texted everyone we knew . I

term: Nevertheless
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nevertheless
context 1: still not quite escaping . Nevertheless , I still suffer from
context 2: because of my emetophobia . Nevertheless , I ’m curious about
context 3: diagnosis based on that 😂 Nevertheless he had to confirm with

term: Participation
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: participation
context 1: experiences with RCPD . *** Participation is completely voluntary and anonymous
context 2: anywhere in the world . Participation is easy and completely **
context 3: experiences with RCPD . *** Participation is completely voluntary and anonymous

term: Benjamin
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: benjamin
context 1: survey linked here : https://yalesurvey.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_dg4z9H6ZlWtWrD8?Q_CHL=social&Q_SocialSource=reddit Benjamin Lerner , MD , MHS
context 2: and they scheduled me with Benjamin Anthony whom I saw shortly
context 3: survey linked here : https://yalesurvey.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_dg4z9H6ZlWtWrD8?Q_CHL=social&Q_SocialSource=reddit Benjamin Lerner , MD , MHS

term: QL
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ql
context 1: a tight Quradratus Lumborum ( QL ) for about a year
context 2: a link between a tight QL and GERD symptoms since I
context 3: , stretching exercises for my QL , and I 've tried

term: massaged
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: massage
context 1: old topic how exactly I massaged my cricoids , I made
context 2: that sounds ) , and massaged the area around my lower
context 3: was fine and then they massaged the muscles on my back

term: rennies
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: renny
context 1: Success with rennies tablets
context 2: . So I got some rennies tablets , I had two
context 3: doctor instead of taking the rennies but as we know doctors

term: Preferably
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: preferably
context 1: doing this in Stockholm ? Preferably free / cheap solutions as
context 2: Botox procedure over here ? Preferably in the mid-Atlantic region ,
context 3: love to hear them ! Preferably somewhat healthy and cheap .

term: sweaters
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: sweater
context 1: hide my big belly under sweaters . Is anyone else feeling
context 2: dresses , leggings , and sweaters to hide my body .
context 3: and I wear giant baggy sweaters to hide the belly as

term: judged
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: judge
context 1: I did n't feel too judged about telling people " I
context 2: sick together instead of being judged on our own . I
context 3: . I feel like she judged me on her previous patient

term: Regurgitating
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: regurgitate
context 1: ones out abit more . Regurgitating pretty bad now , even
context 2: that I 've found . Regurgitating foods and liquids alot .
context 3: need alot of water . Regurgitating alot still , still alot

term: challenging
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: challenging
context 1: . Swallowing harder food is challenging . Botox has n't kicked
context 2: better , it 's still challenging . You 'll want liquid
context 3: which at this point is challenging . :: updates daily in

term: crouching
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: crouch
context 1: and very bloated . While crouching and talking about Star Wars
context 2: long periods spent sitting , crouching over my computer or phone
context 3: up , bending down and crouching etc . Still working out

term: Staff
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: staff
context 1: ’m feeling fine . Hospital Staff was wonderful and I felt
context 2: 1 : Botox time ! Staff was very nice . I
context 3: have received / payed . Staff friendly and professional . They

term: offended
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: offend
context 1: mean for anyone to get offended . But … I ’m
context 2: . " . She looked offended and quickly ended the pointless
context 3: around people who are actually offended . But I 'm almost

term: observing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: observe
context 1: drinking beer resulted in me observing that my friends ... well
context 2: &#x200B ; I have been observing for some time that my
context 3: say , start by simply observing the r- cpd fidgeting motions

term: battles
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: battle
context 1: act is like fighting two battles at once , and imagine
context 2: make even his hardest health battles entertaining , funny and informative
context 3: of pizza and start fighting battles . My mom said this

term: Nuffield
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nuffield
context 1: travelled from near Manchester to Nuffield Health Parkside Hospital in London
context 2: Dr lucy Hicklin at the Nuffield Parkside hospital in Wimbledon in
context 3: F and went to the Nuffield Parkside in Wimbledon for my

term: Pay
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: pay
context 1: payment from me by Google Pay , at £ 700 .
context 2: of it before swallowing . Pay attention to each swallow to
context 3: of it before swallowing . Pay attention to each swallow to

term: dissipated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: dissipate
context 1: , and the lump sensation dissipated within probably 10 minutes .
context 2: in my chest have no dissipated . It got to the
context 3: and the gurgles have n't dissipated yet ( I think they

term: woes
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: woe
context 1: , My tale of gastrointestinal woes started after having gallbladder surgery
context 2: Night shift woes
context 3: read a lot of my woes could be fixed by it

term: processing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: processing
context 1: maybe I have a sensory processing disorder because I have such
context 2: more sensitive or still not processing air correctly ? Or is
context 3: a mild neurodivergence with sensory processing issues , and I think

term: kinks
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: kink
context 1: ! Just a few minor kinks that should fade away ,
context 2: tissue it has almost muscle kinks in it and felt very
context 3: procedure so I know the kinks are still being worked out

term: biting
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: bite
context 1: me it started with just biting the bullet and going the
context 2: long did you wait before biting the bullet and getting the
context 3: under anesthesia . Besides somehow biting down on my tongue at

term: Webinar
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: webinar
context 1: ( no - burp ) Webinar by Dr. Bastian - in
context 2: ABEA RCPD Webinar
context 3: ABEA Panel Webinar – Help Me , I

term: practised
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: practise
context 1: concerned that I should 've practised this more over the past
context 2: so clearly she is well practised haha I hope it goes
context 3: out there who had n’t practised but still had permanent success

term: puffed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: puff
context 1: if my throat is like puffed up on the inside .
context 2: I can eat things like puffed rice cereal in milk without
context 3: you feel them , chest puffed out , neck and jaw

term: repercussions
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: repercussion
context 1: do this without any medical repercussions ?
context 2: what can you eat without repercussions ?
context 3: Wednesday March 13 ( painful repercussions and new burp technique ?

term: acknowledging
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: acknowledge
context 1: medical community is kind of acknowledging us , does anyone have
context 2: Bastian and his team for acknowledging our inability to belch and
context 3: ( sorry , FINALLY ) acknowledging that something 's up with

term: Baby
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: baby
context 1: counting on botox . Sweet Baby Jesus in Heaven , this
context 2: a baby hella early . Baby stayed in NICU for a
context 3: luck with your burping and Baby plans . PS : PRACTICE

term: transferred
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: transfer
context 1: that gas would constantly be transferred between my stomach and esophagus
context 2: and tight . I was transferred to another area in which
context 3: and it 's in my transferred records , so it 's

term: uncovered
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: uncover
context 1: diagnosis / prognosis he had uncovered ( or at least popularized
context 2: a boyfriend a real , uncovered blowjob ever again . The
context 3: ) , however it was uncovered that there was basically (

term: electrodes
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: electrode
context 1: blood pressure cuff , ECG electrodes , oxygen finger pin )
context 2: Spiegel and his nurse attached electrodes to my arm , which
context 3: puts on a couple of electrodes and goes in with the

term: LUCK
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: luck
context 1: with any questions . GOOD LUCK Y'ALL !
context 2: in there and extra GOOD LUCK
context 3: reduced . Amazing ! GOOD LUCK

term: RARE
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: rare
context 1: DOUBT YOU HAVE THAT ITS RARE ” It was quite disheartening
context 2: But one of the ( RARE ) side effects he mentioned
context 3: here .... because they are RARE and I do n't want

term: Saudi
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: saudi
context 1: Abdulaziz University Hospital , Jeddah Saudi Arabia conducting a cross-sectional study
context 2: China , Italy , Saudi Arabia : Potential Doctors
context 3: China , Italy , and Saudi Arabia via research papers they

term: Arabia
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: arabia
context 1: University Hospital , Jeddah Saudi Arabia conducting a cross-sectional study that
context 2: China , Italy , Saudi Arabia : Potential Doctors
context 3: , Italy , and Saudi Arabia via research papers they 've

term: abused
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: abuse
context 1: years ago . I was abused as a child , lived
context 2: I probably abused ibuprofen 800s in high school
context 3: not be measured has been abused by people for their personal

term: ICD
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: icd
context 1: condition to be added to ICD - 11 ? Is anyone
context 2: office as well as the ICD code ( s ) they
context 3: for adding this condition to ICD - 10 ? No idea

term: quickest
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: quick
context 1: to overeating / grabbing the quickest thing at times ? Were
context 2: pain , but definitely the quickest , I just put my
context 3: warm soda will be the quickest way to decarbonate the drink

term: Near
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: near
context 1: . They are : * Near constant bloating & distention .
context 2: only breakfast though ) . Near the end of my meal
context 3: but towards the center . Near the esophagus . But it

term: wins
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: win
context 1: . Small steps to big wins i say . I ’ll
context 2: . Small steps to big wins i say . I ’ll
context 3: Usually the food eventually " wins " and goes down ,

term: wrinkles
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wrinkle
context 1: “ Is n’t Botox for wrinkles ? ” ) 20 .
context 2: Botox in my face for wrinkles tomorrow morning ( Dec 22
context 3: puts in their face for wrinkles depends on how bad the

term: centers
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: center
context 1: procedures done both at surgical centers and in office . However
context 2: research style hospitals and medical centers . They will be the
context 3: on the phones in call centers for 18 months ... definitely

term: rooting
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: root
context 1: just know , I ’m rooting for you all . This
context 2: all know that I ’m rooting for you to overcome this
context 3: Aww thanks . I am rooting for you so hard .

term: Intestine
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: intestine
context 1: prescribed Rifaximin for supposed Small Intestine Bacterial Overgrowth . Claims he
context 2: me for SIBO ( Small Intestine Bacterial Overgrowth ) which came
context 3: my son for possibly Small Intestine Bacterial Overgroeth ( SIBO )

term: generations
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: generation
context 1: for thousands of years , generations of humans must have suffered
context 2: Pass on through generations ?
context 3: and my daughter . Three generations of non-burpers .

term: Posts
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: post
context 1: is any gagging risk . Posts here do n't seem to
context 2: writing this because : \- Posts like this helped me figure
context 3: during your appointment ! \- Posts like this also helped encourage

term: floored
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: floor
context 1: gurgle ) . I was floored . I did n't know
context 2: me here ... I was floored by the fact that there
context 3: my life . I was floored at that stage , as

term: Valley
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: valley
context 1: Northwest Arkansas or the River Valley ) who could refer an
context 2: Hudson Valley NY Doctors ?
context 3: a doctor within the Hudson Valley . Westchester Medical , Crystal

term: extensions
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: extension
context 1: , hollow hold , neck extensions ) . If anyone else
context 2: in the gym ( neck extensions and neck flexions to strengthen
context 3: Acrylic nails and lash extensions - Botox procedure

term: Eastern
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: eastern
context 1: Dr 's doing Botox in Eastern Europe . Does anyone know
context 2: enough , though with his Eastern European accent and chiseled features
context 3: for some of their " Eastern medicine . " Not sure

term: Brown
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: brown
context 1: with inhaled steroids ? ( Brown asthma inhaler / preventer )
context 2: in the OR with Dr Brown in NYC . I ’ve
context 3: ’s one doctor named Timothy Brown at Dalhousie university that treats

term: Former
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: former
context 1: know if any of you Former NoBurpers have the same problem
context 2: wondering if this is a Former NoBurp thing and if it
context 3: Hey all ! Former burper here . I was

term: Edited
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: edite
context 1: what can happen ! * Edited for formatting .
context 2: Edited my comment above because I
context 3: with an OTC like prevacid Edited to add : what are

term: Fridays
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: friday
context 1: allow myself some slack on Fridays and Saturdays and have some
context 2: does all his procedures on Fridays FYI ) . I left
context 3: Both , seems like on Fridays only he is at Alexandra

term: STOP
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: stop
context 1: day edit : I CANNOT STOP BURPING . I definitely got
context 2: to wash it down , STOP EATING . If it 's
context 3: tell at me to “ STOP MAKING THAT NOISE ” even

term: Alka
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: alka
context 1: Alka - Seltzer for hangover relief
context 2: puke - he often takes Alka Seltzer to “ calm it
context 3: , Zofran , aspirin free Alka - Seltzer , nothing is

term: co-workers
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: co-worker
context 1: I have asked family , co-workers , friends , etc if
context 2: My co-workers have been making fun of
context 3: advice is to tell your co-workers to piss off !

term: descending
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: descend
context 1: , and gas in the descending colon . When I expand
context 2: felt extremely nauseas . After descending , I “ vomited ”
context 3: . and randomly I found descending stairs was helpful 🤷🏼‍♀ ️

term: confuses
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: confuse
context 1: / microburp ... but that confuses the pathways in my esophagus
context 2: can develop it . what confuses me is being born with
context 3: . The ice tea really confuses me ) . I know

term: Them
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: they
context 1: gas x daily to keep Them at bay . When I
context 2: ) + Extra Raffle for Them Too
context 3: in my mouth ! ( Them : Open up wider !

term: hamstrings
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: hamstring
context 1: R - CPD , my hamstrings are so tight no matter
context 2: said they have n't seen hamstrings this tight on professional athletes
context 3: had short muscles , especially hamstrings . The physiotherapist , after

term: ans
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: and
context 1: turn the oeople against you ans make u look like a
context 2: , à l'âge de 25 ans , après avoir trouvé ce
context 3: maladie s'aggravait depuis mes 24 ans . Apprenant qu'une opération pouvait

term: Mon
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: monday
context 1: start on Monday . From Mon - Wed I consistently had
context 2: Allô ! Mon médecin de famille m’a écrit
context 3: pas vu ton message . Mon avancé en France n'a pas

term: copays
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: copay
context 1: paying about $ 60 in copays . I know I was
context 2: insurance , 2 $ 50 copays . If anyone has questions
context 3: charged me $ 260 for copays for procedure + endoscopy +

term: realy
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: really
context 1: the results show that i realy have this condition , he
context 2: never burp and i never realy had a problem with it
context 3: be a chef so its realy bad . I also get

term: THEM
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: they
context 1: IM BEGGING YOU PLEASE DO THEM ( not just three )
context 2: just three ) ALOT OF THEM . You guys have no
context 3: near you , and having THEM assess you and perform the

term: outpatients
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: outpatient
context 1: go ? Is it the outpatients ? It 's the kind
context 2: 'll want to go to outpatients , which is at back
context 3: 's worth knowing that the outpatients place is at the back

term: justified
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: justify
context 1: explain why it ’s fully justified . ( I have a
context 2: shoes . It is completely justified and reasonable but I hope
context 3: Anyone experiencing symptoms would be justified in not wanting to be

term: Page
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: page
context 1: went to see Dr. Matthew Page in St. Peters MO .
context 2: St. Peters MO . Dr. Page is great , and at
context 3: A month later , Dr. Page did the Botox injection —

term: Meander
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: meander
context 1: my Botox injection done at Meander MC in Baarn with Dr.
context 2: had my surgery at the Meander hospital in Amersfoort , in
context 3: , the hospital is called Meander Medisch Centrum so you could

term: Edmonton
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: edmonton
context 1: Dr. Caroline C. Jeffery , Edmonton , Alberta RCPD Treatment .
context 2: treated by Dr. Caroline in Edmonton Alberta . I ’ve been
context 3: in the right direction in Edmonton , AB

term: promotes
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: promote
context 1: seems that sleeping this way promotes an open posture in general
context 2: through my digestive system and promotes passing gas . I also
context 3: to pull upward ( which promotes burps ) . Crossing my

term: fields
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: field
context 1: there were several open answer fields in the survey . I
context 2: Only discovered yesterday that medical fields decided it was a thing
context 3: a clinic typist working in fields that include digestive diseases among

term: detected
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: detect
context 1: endoscopy . The barium swallow detected acid reflux , but everything
context 2: and no cancer had been detected . We hope it continues
context 3: reflux only when sleeping ( detected by probe + I 've

term: materials
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: material
context 1: lot of time to prep materials , etc . Obviously we
context 2: . Compile your external appeal materials . Your insurance provider should
context 3: chance to look at the materials , I 'd also like

term: IRO
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: iro
context 1: ** independent review organization ( IRO ) ** as part of
context 2: external appeals process **. The IRO is effectively an independent third
context 3: an external appeal to an IRO and ask for all the

term: ND
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: nd
context 1: Living in Grand forks , ND . Looking to find the
context 2: give her an ADHD / ND patient approval star if there
context 3: CPD be more common amongs ND people ? My mom has

term: comforted
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: comfort
context 1: life , but I am comforted knowing he 's finally at
context 2: I am so thrilled and comforted by the fact that there
context 3: you how much this has comforted me in a weird way

term: İt
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: i̇t
context 1: problem without botox too . İt has been only a week
context 2: an hour or two . İt makes it harder to digest
context 3: a lot of sweets . İt seems that is because of

term: İf
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: i̇f
context 1: try my best 💀 ) İf you ran any blood tests
context 2: vitamins that seemed low . İf you do nt use the
context 3: ca n’t burp either . İf you can , also talk

term: torn
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: torn
context 1: with me . I was torn … But then I stumbled
context 2: reflux . I ’m pretty torn .
context 3: at this point I 'm torn between hoping it IS the

term: excercises
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: excercise
context 1: to burp , either through excercises or botox ? Also ,
context 2: and have been doing shaker excercises , massaging etc to try
context 3: tips for What kind of excercises I can start to see

term: limitations
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: limitation
context 1: It 's definitely has its limitations in that sometimes the burps
context 2: Of course that has its limitations . I ca n't burp
context 3: can enjoy life with certain limitations ) and periods of daily

term: SCHI
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: schi
context 1: of the biggest insurers is SCHI which is non-profit . **
context 2: surgery was booked in a SCHI hospital ( same as the
context 3: I just needed to get SCHI to approve it under my

term: BY
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: by
context 1: what happens . It was BY FAR one of the most
context 2: THE PARTIAL CRICOPHARYNGEAL MYOTOMY RECOMMENDED BY DR BASTIAN IS ONLY FOR
context 3: I have to assert that BY FAR the most traumatic part

term: redditors
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: redditor
context 1: . Also thanks to the redditors who started this sub (
context 2: their referral system specifically for redditors * . Edit : redditors
context 3: redditors * . Edit : redditors . Not resistors . No

term: angling
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: angle
context 1: helps me the most is angling my body a certain way
context 2: it ’s a bit of angling my head down and to
context 3: For me , it was angling my head down as if

term: steamed
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: steam
context 1: meat , sweet potatoes , steamed / soft broccoli , and
context 2: ) , pierogies or other steamed dumplings , broth - based
context 3: right in , fruits , steamed carrots , enchiladas , refried

term: obtained
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: obtain
context 1: nurse verified my info , obtained vitals , and gave me
context 2: nurse verified my info , obtained vitals , and gave me
context 3: and positive info that you obtained from her . Makes me

term: GBP
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: gbp
context 1: African currency is against the GBP / USD ? It will
context 2: in the UK is 850 GBP so less than 200,000 JPY
context 3: with Dr Bastian is 850 GBP

term: Wat
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wat
context 1: my condition is treatable ? Wat . I felt so stupid
context 2: Dankjewel voor je bericht ! Wat hebben ze precies gedaan ,
context 3: het niet kunnen boeren ? Wat doen ze dan precies ?

term: IEM
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: iem
context 1: I lacked some symptoms for IEM . All the doctors I
context 2: know if getting Botox with IEM would help it or worsen
context 3: I 've been diagnosed with IEM ( ineffective esophageal motility )

term: values
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: value
context 1: , as one of the values ( Liver ALT ( alanine
context 2: not sure about the standard values for the GA one .
context 3: your insurance company . These values are always egregiously inflated because

term: Surrey
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: surrey
context 1: manometry Dr. Sanjay Morzaria | Surrey , BC - requires 24h
context 2: - CPD in Vancouver ? Surrey ? Langley ? Kelowna ?
context 3: VGH and Dr. Sanjay in Surrey I believe .

term: finns
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: finn
context 1: mean . If any other finns roam this sub , throw
context 2: Jag har hört att det finns möjlighet ! På Huddinge sjukhus
context 3: möjlighet ! På Huddinge sjukhus finns två öron - näsa -

term: guarantees
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: guarantee
context 1: . While there are no guarantees , do you think my
context 2: to come up ; that guarantees your first burps ; 2
context 3: , so there are no guarantees , but did want to

term: millions
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: million
context 1: are rare , they affect millions of people . Some illnesses
context 2: I think there could be millions suffering . We need more
context 3: try there , or the millions of cosmetic injections .

term: Con
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: con
context 1: of my own car . Con : long drive after a
context 2: > Pro : cheapest option Con : extremely concerned about burping
context 3: h flight Pro : faster Con : more expensive , concerned

term: PRS
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: prs
context 1: to Pierre Robin Syndrome ( PRS ) ? Anyone else with
context 2: have Pierre Robin Syndrome ( PRS ) . I had never
context 3: who are n’t familiar , PRS is a congenital condition that

term: underestimated
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: underestimate
context 1: so I think I just underestimated everything . My throat felt
context 2: my previous calculations were so underestimated , especially if this is
context 3: Christmas break . I really underestimated the week ( s )

term: canceling
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: cancel
context 1: , but I 'm considering canceling . Is the relief burping
context 2: the time as im constantly canceling plans , unable to eat
context 3: year and then ended up canceling because I had another event

term: EU
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: eu
context 1: those seeking help in the EU and preferably being insured in
context 2: preferably being insured in an EU country , but not able
context 3: have to travel somewhere withen EU to be able to use

term: Ng
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: ng
context 1: avoid going back on the Ng tube again . I 'm
context 2: was deliberately capping closed the Ng Tube . nurses over served
context 3: staff did not know the Ng Tube was being opened -

term: plums
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: plum
context 1: change my diet , eat plums and drink prune juice but
context 2: , cherries , peaches , plums etc ) , alliums (
context 3: included blackberries , bananas , plums , etc. , but I

term: defects
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: defect
context 1: I 've got some birth defects that might make my details
context 2: due to gastroparesis and collagen defects causing problems in my throat
context 3: There are other neurological muscle defects that botox fixes . Mostly

term: Rice
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: rice
context 1: had eaten far too many Rice Krispies for breakfast . I
context 2: smoothies and light eats . Rice , grilled chicken , fruit
context 3: different in sourdough ) . Rice , corn , and potatoes

term: disposables
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: disposable
context 1: the consultation , Botox , disposables and injection if done in
context 2: of the botox and other disposables is around £ 200 ,
context 3: for the Botox and the disposables referred to above , so

term: stuffing
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: stuff
context 1: releasing " air manually by stuffing my fist down my throat
context 2: up so late gurgling after stuffing my face with take out
context 3: my throat like I was stuffing a tennis ball back there

term: blasting
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: blast
context 1: normal evening for me , blasting lengthy trumps off every 5
context 2: my noise canceling headphones and blasting music most of the time
context 3: get alot of nausea and blasting , which I usually put

term: Chin
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: chin
context 1: ( read below ) - Chin / neck positioning : 1
context 2: a movement called : Assisted Chin Tuck . And notice how
context 3: down as they Tuck the Chin . I highly recommend trying

term: liquefied
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: liquefy
context 1: chew it until it ’s liquefied , eat slowly , and
context 2: the food until it ’s liquefied .
context 3: chew it until it ’s liquefied . Foods that take forever

term: coded
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: code
context 1: . I believe it 's coded a bit different but the
context 2: with ? Perhaps they improperly coded the procedure causing it to
context 3: too because the sensation was coded the same as throwing up

term: Laryngologist
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: laryngologist
context 1: ENT / Laryngologist here : So , this
context 2: Gil , he is a Laryngologist , in Monterrey México and
context 3: ago , he is a Laryngologist in Monterrey México and I

term: rounded
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: round
context 1: . I always had a rounded stomach at the bottom .
context 2: of the neck goes from rounded forward , to more straight
context 3: I switched to the ( rounded ) back end of a

term: implants
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: implant
context 1: .. I removed my breast implants that I got in 2017
context 2: just spent thousands removing my implants . I ’ve gone to
context 3: .. I removed my breast implants that I got in 2017

term: Huh
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: huh
context 1: Huh , intresting ! Thanks so
context 2: Huh . I experienced EPIC menstrual
context 3: Huh , interesting . Even though

term: Daya
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: daya
context 1: to help . Dr Hamid Daya at ENT4KIDS is aware of
context 2: inability to burp . Hamid Daya recommends this .
context 3: I will check out Dr Daya . Best wishes for you

term: Fri
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: friday
context 1: off was a Thurs & Fri only because the procedure itself
context 2: has to work Thurs / Fri he only took a half
context 3: 'm at the gym Mon- Fri , lol .

term: Tequila
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: tequila
context 1: . So I usually drink Tequila or vodka diluted with a
context 2: Vodka and cranberry juice - Tequila and orange juice - Certain
context 3: I need to burp . Tequila sunrise was a little better

term: Helsinki
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: helsinki
context 1: Botox procedure done today in Helsinki . You 're asleep for
context 2: If you 're in the Helsinki area the doctor you want
context 3: and actually my doctor in Helsinki ( Ahmed Geneid ) used

term: replacements
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: replacement
context 1: I started doing meal replacements and protein powders with water
context 2: me sick I use meal replacements . Not the best solution
context 3: but the chocolate flavored meal replacements taste better IMO . I

term: Marsk
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: marsk
context 1: under anesthesia yesterday by Elin Marsk at Karolinska Huddinge . Feels
context 2: under anesthesia yesterday by Elin Marsk at karolinska Huddinge . Feels
context 3: dr Stellan Hertegård och Elin Marsk . De har nyligen börjat

term: fluctuations
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: fluctuation
context 1: have gone through some weight fluctuations throughout life and have not
context 2: I sometimes wonder if the fluctuations we are having in our
context 3: months ( barring a few fluctuations ) . That ’s been

term: clarified
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: clarify
context 1: Sorry I should have clarified no improvement with the heart
context 2: sorry maybe I should 've clarified ... like something to stop
context 3: But now that it ’s clarified that it ’s gurgling I

term: servings
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: serving
context 1: cause trouble in ' small servings ' ; it does n't
context 2: it address combinations of small servings of multiple potential triggers .
context 3: 3 hours and had multiple servings of wine paired with each

term: Seconding
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: second
context 1: Seconding Lucy - if you need
context 2: Seconding all of this ! It
context 3: Seconding everything u /legalmitch said -

term: Sask
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: sask
context 1: wait . My ENT in Sask was only requiring manometry but
context 2: otolaryngology dept at U of Sask and knew about R -
context 3: video ! My ENT in Sask is friends with Dr Hu

term: risers
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: riser
context 1: . You can buy bed risers or bed wedges if you
context 2: sleep with 7 ” bed risers . So not having that
context 3: . There are even bed risers you can buy . Might

term: wedges
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: wedge
context 1: buy bed risers or bed wedges if you do n't want
context 2: . Re. Pillows instead of wedges : my ENT advised against
context 3: that makes sense about the wedges . Cheers for all the

term: Patsy
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: patsy
context 1: IBS no more ” by Patsy Catsos and follow it to
context 2: IBS no more ” by Patsy Catsos , and follow the
context 3: IBS no more ” by Patsy Catsos . That book lays

term: quadrants
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: quadrant
context 1: delivered as 25 to 3 quadrants of the muscle ) .
context 2: - 3 of the 4 quadrants of the muscle . They
context 3: be injected into all 4 quadrants of the muscle . I

term: Das
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: das
context 1: Kosten übernahme unwahrscheinlich ist . Das Charité in Berlin bietet die
context 2: von was ich rede . Das ist alles super ätzend .
context 3: für die OP inklusive . Das war bei The Voice Klinik

term: challenged
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: challenge
context 1: go without the phobia being challenged . It 's not a
context 2: . A lot . I challenged the bill and asked for
context 3: Burp challenged

term: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X20938342)
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974x20938342)
context 1: Dr Bastian paper ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X20938342) [ ^( 3 ) Dr
context 2: 2 , 2021 ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X20938342) • [ The Long -
context 3: 29 , 2020 ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X20938342) ... More information : •

term: Te
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: te
context 1: vocación que decida ayudarnos . Te mando un saludo muy grande
context 2: los tendré en cuenta . Te felicito por tu mudanza y
context 3: Te deseo una rápida recuperación .

term: Le
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: le
context 1: J'utiliserai la traduction Google . Le médecin utilisera un instrument pour
context 2: que j'ai eu l'intervention . Le seul effet secondaire que j'ai
context 3: directement par la gorge . Le jour d'après , je rotais

term: Gracias
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: gracias
context 1: looking for other options . Gracias !
context 2: muy incómodo para mi . Gracias por tu respuesta y consejos
context 3: Gracias por tu respuesta . ¿

term: Address
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: address
context 1: Sun Yat - Sen University Address is 600 TianHe Road ,
context 2: [ Your Full Name\ ] Address : \ [ Your Full
context 3: : \ [ Your Full Address \ ] Email : \

term: VFSS
frequency: 7
lemmatized_to: vfss
context 1: a Videofluoroscopic Swallow Study , VFSS , or Modified Barium Swallow
context 2: have to drink barium . VFSS needs special equipment it is
context 3: particular paper compares VESS with VFSS for diagnosing A - CPD

term: Linx
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: linx
context 1: Has anyone had Linx surgery ?
context 2: , but has anyone had Linx surgery for acid reflux ?
context 3: though , so getting the Linx procedure might be the next

term: Chocolate
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: chocolate
context 1: have any cocktails . Hot Chocolate . Baked goods . Candy
context 2: in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory with the fizzy lifting
context 3: Rewatching Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory and just realized ...

term: Shit
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: shit
context 1: can I just say Holy Shit , I have finally found
context 2: and the list continues . Shit , I even spent quite
context 3: all the air out . Shit 's choice , man .

term: ranting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: rant
context 1: A lot of this is ranting , but does this sound
context 2: this was mostly just me ranting about my self - torture
context 3: had enough . sorry for ranting but I 'm completely loss

term: whispering
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: whisper
context 1: switching between an audible and whispering ‘ huh ’ sound until
context 2: open , relaxed throat ( whispering ) . Once you ’ve
context 3: the whole time . Keep whispering the ‘ huh ’ sound

term: UNTIL
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: until
context 1: thought I was crazy . UNTIL I FOUND YOU GUYS .
context 2: odd incident was over with UNTIL … . I went to
context 3: here and nothing helped . UNTIL !!!!!!!! I was sitting down

term: NAME
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: name
context 1: insider hot tip . DRUG NAME IS : CREON ( Needs
context 2: …. and IT HAD A NAME ! And a TREATMENT !
context 3: ) * Finally seeing a NAME for the * thing *

term: exits
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: exit
context 1: and abdominal pain until it exits . &#x200B ; I 'm
context 2: step process and the air exits through my nose . It
context 3: ? as in the air exits your mouth ? do you

term: interviews
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: interview
context 1: ’s making me worry about interviews if I get the gurgles
context 2: due a couple of job interviews 3 weeks post surgery and
context 3: papers , current devices , interviews , anything to do with

term: Minneapolis
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: minneapolis
context 1: Please add Minneapolis St Paul Doctor who has
context 2: Hey guys . Doctor in Minneapolis , MN to talk to
context 3: * Dr Raluca Gray ( Minneapolis , MN ) * Dr

term: paths
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: path
context 1: been others I 've crossed paths with , as I was
context 2: have gone down so many paths . I 'm keen to
context 3: doctors were going down incorrect paths . Rather than all the

term: analyzing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: analyze
context 1: the results once we start analyzing the data . Thank you
context 2: , so I have been analyzing what my body does when
context 3: I have been analyzing my data . My run

term: gurgs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gurg
context 1: years or so the " gurgs " \( as I not
context 2: in the severity of my gurgs . They still happen but
context 3: after lunch I get the gurgs and the pressure from not

term: traumas
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: trauma
context 1: therapy to clear other past traumas which improved some current physical
context 2: one of my major phobia traumas is that my body really
context 3: daily routine without any more traumas . I eat very slowly

term: hiking
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hike
context 1: I started hiking the Appalachian trail and I
context 2: . Last week I went hiking in a few national parks
context 3: started to get winded while hiking , my breathing became very

term: drifting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: drift
context 1: at all when I 'm drifting off to sleep or right
context 2: . I was in the drifting off stage , probably had
context 3: for hours until I ’m drifting in and out of sleep

term: Endometriosis
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: endometriosis
context 1: . Period pains 2 . Endometriosis pains 3 . Combination of
context 2: sure why . Gas ? Endometriosis again ? But , a
context 3: , I have Hashimotos , Endometriosis both under control and treating

term: Quickly
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: quickly
context 1: and started feeling dizzy . Quickly wiped myself Cus I felt
context 2: Ability Fast And Then Regress Quickly ?
context 3: results since the op . Quickly realised that I swallow way

term: Potential
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: potential
context 1: Potential Warning About Treatment with Lucy
context 2: that are still unknown . Potential subreddits that should exist ,
context 3: back perfect My ideas of Potential causes of hypersalivation are :

term: Breanne
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: breanne
context 1: Dr Breanne Schiffer ( Salt Lake City
context 2: my Botox procedure with Dr. Breanne Schiffer at the University of
context 3: My doctor is [ Dr. Breanne Schiffer ] ( https://healthcare.utah.edu/find-a-doctor/breanne-l-schiffer) from

term: Salt
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: salt
context 1: Dr Breanne Schiffer ( Salt Lake City , UT )
context 2: University of Utah hospital in Salt Lake City , Utah .
context 3: when I was living in Salt Lake Shitty , Utah .

term: Successful
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: successful
context 1: City , UT ) - Successful Botox , No Runaround
context 2: Successful Botox Procedure ! Dr. Tritter
context 3: Long term - significant benefit Successful treatment with 25 units ,

term: curtains
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: curtain
context 1: about other patients requesting their curtains closed ( I do n't
context 2: tiny ) apartment with the curtains open if we wanted to
context 3: bunch of beds divided by curtains which was not great for

term: psyching
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: psych
context 1: my advice is to stop psyching yourselves up worrying about what
context 2: gaslit into thinking I was psyching myself out and no one
context 3: burps 2 . I ’m psyching myself up to have a

term: Colonoscopy
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: colonoscopy
context 1: Endoscopy , Barium Enema , Colonoscopy and so many more that
context 2: manometry Anal manometry PH impedence Colonoscopy x 2 Laparoscopy x 3
context 3: ( 2017 and 2023 ) Colonoscopy ( 2017 ) Small Bowel

term: Inhibitors
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: inhibitor
context 1: with PPI ’s Proton Pump Inhibitors ( Prilosec , Omeprazole ,
context 2: - Now prescribed Proton Pump Inhibitors ...
context 3: has prescribed me Proton Pump Inhibitors for the next month to

term: MAN
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: man
context 1: , they would say “ MAN ARE YOU OK ” After
context 2: drinking or meals . And MAN does it feel good to
context 3: for a while , but MAN , do they have a

term: assumes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: assume
context 1: empty ) . My doctor assumes this is from all the
context 2: entire life , so he assumes he has R - CPD
context 3: talk to about it just assumes I 'm playing it up

term: submerged
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: submerge
context 1: is horrendous . Does being submerged make the gas repeatedly try
context 2: at all when I am submerged in water . The most
context 3: with most of my body submerged ) , I ’ll get

term: Company
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: company
context 1: They Say Misery Loves Company , Sorry You All are
context 2: Sorry You All are My Company
context 3: ’m not on A2 Milk Company ’s payroll ! In fact

term: quits
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: quit
context 1: . Finally just called it quits on anything carbonated . I
context 2: and rather than call it quits early into the night I
context 3: your back and call it quits for the day 😭

term: HAPPY
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: happy
context 1: sub and I am SO HAPPY . I have never been
context 2: me for any questions . HAPPY 1 MONTH to anyone else
context 3: OF NOWHERE . IM SO HAPPY . THERE IS HOPE FOR

term: Sinus
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sinus
context 1: Sinus infection granted ( cursed ?
context 2: . * Oct 2023 : Sinus congestion begins , eye pressure
context 3: Sinus rinse problems ???

term: disgusted
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: disgust
context 1: and hope they 're not disgusted by it
context 2: young , I was absolutely disgusted by burping . I had
context 3: Someone was disgusted at me gagging and that

term: smiled
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: smile
context 1: stared at me . I smiled , told my mom I
context 2: never burp and he just smiled and said not at all
context 3: n’t burp , they just smiled and said , “ Well

term: aligns
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: align
context 1: type of bloating that closely aligns with my experience . A
context 2: where you read something that aligns with every . single .
context 3: to know how my experience aligns with others who are further

term: Tennessee
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tennessee
context 1: noburp doctor in Tennessee ?
context 2: do live near University of Tennessee Medical Center , so I
context 3: Island | South Dakota| | Tennessee | Vermont | Virginia |

term: THROAT
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: throat
context 1: of hiccups , and the THROAT GURGLE . I ’ve tried
context 2: JUST GET OUT OF MY THROAT PLEASE " and panicking and
context 3: in the world with my THROAT CROAKS ?!? Which brings me

term: chests
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: chest
context 1: strangers to thumping their pressurised chests like Matthew McConaughey in that
context 2: doing this , because our chests get overly tight from the
context 3: . Normal peoples stomachs and chests rumble too . After Botox

term: respected
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: respect
context 1: a very intelligent and well respected doctor . He is also
context 2: problem is well described by respected specialists . This problem is
context 3: unfamiliar with RCPD . I respected it as there is no

term: Local
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: local
context 1: Local ENT UK
context 2: you can handle it . Local ENTs seem to be a
context 3: Local anaesthetic was fine for me

term: fainted
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: faint
context 1: Had terrible stomach cramps and fainted .
context 2: / fainting -** I 've fainted twice in the past year
context 3: was a woman who was fainted and carried out of the

term: SIDE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: side
context 1: ON MY BACK OR RIGHT SIDE . I have to stay
context 2: TURNING MY HEAD TO THE SIDE ABRUPTLY . I ’ve seen
context 3: a circular motion . PLUS SIDE : After a nice cricoid

term: Oklahoma
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: oklahoma
context 1: be traveling to Chicago from Oklahoma on Monday . My initial
context 2: of a trustworthy doctor in Oklahoma City / Dallas / KC
context 3: me . I traveled from Oklahoma . Where are you from

term: echoed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: echoe
context 1: a forced burp , which echoed off the walls of the
context 2: belch was so loud it echoed back to me . Instead
context 3: just rumbled very loudly and echoed up my throat . My

term: coincides
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: coincide
context 1: puzzled as generally this issue coincides with an inability to swallow
context 2: best , most effective burping coincides with the worst of the
context 3: generally run down . This coincides with very noisy stomach growling

term: Fucking
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: fucking
context 1: to a noburp subreddit . Fucking weird , right . https://youtu.be/cPlTpTJ3fHM?t=1m36s
context 2: was a small child . Fucking massive thank you to whoever
context 3: situations without drawing notice !!! Fucking relieved with every post I

term: BREATH
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: breath
context 1: " The Croak " EVERY BREATH I TOOK ! It was
context 2: feels itchy * SHORTNESS OF BREATH CONSTANTLY * Feels I ’m
context 3: in my mouth and BAD BREATH , does anyone else experience

term: manifested
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: manifest
context 1: long Emetephobe , which has manifested itself pretty extremely ( as
context 2: while , and it eventually manifested as me burping extremely loudly
context 3: experiencing severe anxiety and this manifested into a phobia of choking

term: jolted
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: jolt
context 1: able to swallow . I jolted up thinking it was something
context 2: fall asleep I am inevitably jolted awake choking on my own
context 3: the couch sleeping and was jolted awake because I started choking

term: pipes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pipe
context 1: have a good set of pipes on me and I ’d
context 2: to test out the new pipes and it felt sooo much
context 3: air passing through my inner pipes in new ways . I

term: Mondays
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mondays
context 1: only does the treatment on Mondays I think between 6 pm
context 2: either next Monday or 2 Mondays after that ( the 30th
context 3: possible there ) on alternate Mondays in the mornings , Parkside

term: biking
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: bike
context 1: . I was downhill mountain biking so I 'm not saying
context 2: athlete , but just casual biking now mostly . I grew
context 3: do something cardiovascular ( i.e. biking , swimming , or running

term: runners
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: runner
context 1: ?! ) Anyway , any runners out there feel free to
context 2: -- to any athletes / runners who have had the procedure
context 3: Rcpd for runners

term: mid-twenties
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mid-twenty
context 1: but started to in my mid-twenties . I have an appointment
context 2: a HUGE problem until my mid-twenties , as I was /
context 3: n't become debilitating until my mid-twenties ( though I 'd cut

term: fluttering
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: flutter
context 1: Ear fluttering
context 2: anybody else get odd ear fluttering whenever they do a hiburp
context 3: hours later my heart was fluttering like an arrythmia and I

term: Instant
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: instant
context 1: drink 3 cans of Carnation Instant Breakfasts a day to try
context 2: wanted to throw up . Instant cold sweats , shaking ,
context 3: this air came out ! Instant relief !! Anyway , does

term: swings
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: swing
context 1: first week ( ~ 300 swings total ) I noticed a
context 2: lber , did a few swings last week / this week
context 3: habits , so it ’s swings and roundabouts I suppose .

term: occurrences
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: occurrence
context 1: of air - trapped episode occurrences dwindled from twice a day
context 2: interesting to see if these occurrences are related to our general
context 3: . I recognize these rare occurrences as being burps , it

term: Smaller
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: smaller
context 1: ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uI8ES4jRcPk) * ** Smaller coffee cups .** If I
context 2: . More than ever . Smaller , longer lasting ones ,
context 3: ? ) . 2 ) Smaller ones . These come throughout

term: SOMETIMES
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sometimes
context 1: fucking miserable . Anyway , SOMETIMES I can get out some
context 2: ’s being served , so SOMETIMES if the time and /
context 3: pull in some air which SOMETIMES result in a burb but

term: TRUST
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: trust
context 1: butt - gas . I TRUST that as I learn to
context 2: THIS POSSIBILITY AND TRY TO TRUST HIM TOO ​ CONCLUSION I
context 3: LMAO ITS LEGIT NOT SCARY TRUST ME PLSSSS

term: bare
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: bare
context 1: an existence of work and bare - minimum fulfilment , otherwise
context 2: myself other than to just bare it and sleep it off
context 3: turn has caused me to bare my manage to eat or

term: Seen
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: seen
context 1: this and beaten it ? Seen people ' train themselves to
context 2: Hi everyone , Seen a few success stories from
context 3: Google gives me nothing . Seen a few posts about this

term: starters
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: starter
context 1: times like these ? For starters , I really think I
context 2: details on this . For starters , for location of the
context 3: related to it . For starters , I ’ll go over

term: Notes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: note
context 1: Notes from two initial consults about
context 2: do give me advice . Notes : AFTER BOTOX the first
context 3: Improvement &#x200B ; # Additional Notes : This issue is almost

term: Typical
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: typical
context 1: not affected that badly . Typical case is you have to
context 2: No results for months . Typical side effects of slow swallowing
context 3: . No microburps yet . Typical post - lunchtime bloat build

term: HAS
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: have
context 1: weeks post botox and WOW HAS IT GOTTEN BETTER . Around
context 2: FEAR HAS BECOME REALITY ! How can
context 3: function if my body that HAS to work to protect me

term: Gleeks
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gleeks
context 1: the Reply All episode “ Gleeks and Gurgles . ” 18
context 2: latest episode # 177 “ Gleeks and Gurgles ” talks about
context 3: the Reply All episode “ Gleeks and Gurgles ” and telling

term: Realizing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: realize
context 1: the world . 22 . Realizing that there really is hope
context 2: the top with Heineken . Realizing that this mug would be
context 3: in sight . 15 . Realizing that hiccups are n’t supposed

term: soothes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: soothe
context 1: crackers or rice sometimes that soothes my stomach . A carbonated
context 2: of you know anything that soothes it . The nhs suggested
context 3: out to see if it soothes my symptoms ? i ’m

term: GIVE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: give
context 1: this stage , DO NOT GIVE UP . Keep going ,
context 2: at it and DO N'T GIVE UP !!!* &#x200B ; **
context 3: HOSPITAL AND THEY DO N'T GIVE ME A SOLUTION . THEY

term: arching
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: arch
context 1: head to the floor while arching my ass up in the
context 2: out and sort of of arching my back or pushing my
context 3: there is a lot of arching while looking in a mirror

term: Hiccup
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hiccup
context 1: Hiccup or gargle ?
context 2: the air come out . Hiccup attacks - painful hiccups after
context 3: Hiccup followed by rabbit turd burps

term: offs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: off
context 1: First offs I ’m blown away other
context 2: / Cricopharyngeus ?** These trade offs are totally worth it ,
context 3: a day and usually one offs .

term: Pathologist
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pathologist
context 1: Barium Swallow with our Speech Pathologist prior to your consultation ,
context 2: ' ) . The Speech Pathologist reviewed the articles , and
context 3: second thoughts because the Speech Pathologist / Radiologist think ‘ slow

term: hiccupping
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hiccupp
context 1: regularly releasing air was by hiccupping - this usually happened after
context 2: humiliation of nights out ; hiccupping in the taxi all the
context 3: anyone else struggle with chronic hiccupping because of it ? Because

term: thumbs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: thumb
context 1: and he gave me the thumbs up to put his name
context 2: exercise of gently pushing both thumbs just below the sternum and
context 3: just gon na twiddle my thumbs here lol

term: newcomers
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: newcomer
context 1: For you newcomers here ( botox injection )
context 2: with the reflux caveat for newcomers . "
context 3: Welcome all newcomers from the AskReddit thread .

term: comming
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: comm
context 1: my hiccups and bloating were comming from an inability to burp
context 2: balloon but It was n't comming out . My fiancée put
context 3: do nt feel the burp comming up or anything and i

term: Female
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: female
context 1: Female , never burped , but
context 2: . I ’m 25 yo Female and have been suffering with
context 3: . I ’m 25 yo Female and have been suffering with

term: Close
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: close
context 1: side of my trachea . Close to where you 'd check
context 2: a deep breath 3 . Close your mouth and " breathe
context 3: be open - no ! Close it for silencing - when

term: Cyprus
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: cyprus
context 1: with Dr. Giannis Thrasyvoulou in Cyprus ?
context 2: botox ? I live in Cyprus and I do n't think
context 3: same day as me in Cyprus . Maybe try searching the

term: craziest
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: crazy
context 1: I ’ve been having the craziest noises leave my body from
context 2: - it certainly is the craziest thing I have ever written
context 3: gurgles in recovery . The craziest thing for me was I

term: TREATMENT
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: treatment
context 1: A NAME ! And a TREATMENT ! And there was new
context 2: to question , GET THE TREATMENT . It ’s a cure
context 3: KALASH IS AWARE OF THIS TREATMENT AND HE HAS LARYNX CLINIC

term: Tacoma
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tacoma
context 1: thanks . I live in Tacoma , WA and found Dr.
context 2: * Dr Steven Schoeff ( Tacoma , WA ) ** International
context 3: Reddit Details : Stephen Schoeff Tacoma , WA - Kaiser Permanente

term: traits
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: trait
context 1: seeing continued discussions about other traits we share that could potentially
context 2: What common traits do we have ?
context 3: . It just feels like traits I have , not a

term: Embarrassing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: embarrass
context 1: following botox treatment : 1. Embarrassing uncontrollable burping and noises while
context 2: you on about mate ? Embarrassing air vomits in bathroom stalls
context 3: to avoid eating certain times Embarrassing kissing Moments . I can

term: listing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: list
context 1: video , and she was listing symptoms , the first one
context 2: post somewhere in this community listing all the doctors that have
context 3: Some discrepancy may be between listing dose per site vs. total

term: crycopharangeus
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: crycopharangeuseus
context 1: maybe did n’t hit the crycopharangeus muscle as intended . It
context 2: I can physically feel my crycopharangeus doming upwards and I get
context 3: saving grace of having a crycopharangeus that does n't open is

term: boundaries
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: boundary
context 1: feel I am pushing the boundaries . Drinking fluids ( carbonated
context 2: but I was learning the boundaries and how effective the technique
context 3: I started to test the boundaries of how deep I actually

term: voms
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: vom
context 1: burps and some mini mouth voms . Mainly the burps have
context 2: . I imagine these air voms have the same affect as
context 3: a tiny amount . Air voms to let it all out

term: socialising
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: socialise
context 1: drinks I never go out socialising because of embarrassment and it
context 2: and it 's really made socialising difficult on top of all
context 3: Mainly in the form of socialising , meals and nights out

term: ranged
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: rang
context 1: many questions and anxieties that ranged from absolutely ridiculous and irrational
context 2: n't covered ) and it ranged from $ 550 - $
context 3: those annoying throat gurgles that ranged from amusing to straight up

term: BF
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: bf
context 1: describe air vomiting to my BF last night . Great to
context 2: a sore throat and my BF drove home . No burps
context 3: really fun time with my BF and his family . After

term: PFD
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pfd
context 1: thinks I have APD and PFD , both of which involve
context 2: here struggle with APD or PFD ?
context 3: to physical therapy for my PFD and I did n’t feel

term: Eh
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: eh
context 1: in .... other ways ? Eh , I 'll just outright
context 2: en Estados Unidos España . Eh intentado que algún médico acá
context 3: I think a steroid ? Eh idk but I 'll be

term: spiraling
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: spirale
context 1: has caused me to start spiraling and I feel my phobia
context 2: afraid this will send me spiraling down again and be sick
context 3: and now i am kinda spiraling about wether i wan na

term: spoonfuls
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: spoonful
context 1: Ate a burger , 2 spoonfuls of beans , and 1/3
context 2: more than 2 o 3 spoonfuls before feeling the pressure to
context 3: I sometimes have a few spoonfuls as a snack . The

term: questionnaires
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: questionaire
context 1: the results of two different questionnaires I recently created ( [
context 2: will involve some pre /post questionnaires and the botox procedure .
context 3: this study due to the questionnaires that were being sent through

term: persuaded
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: persuade
context 1: in NYC who may be persuaded into treating me with a
context 2: year ago , I was persuaded I had IBS and GERD
context 3: who ’s from Czech , persuaded me to see a doctor

term: cereals
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: cereal
context 1: of cooked oats / other cereals with milk and fruits and
context 2: of vegetables , potatos / cereals and meat / lentils to
context 3: . Oh yesterday I ate cereals at 2 pm then for

term: Failing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: fail
context 1: Failing to Air Vomit
context 2: RCPD on the NHS . Failing this , after a year
context 3: just querying the endoscopy . Failing that maybe I will just

term: HTP
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: htp
context 1: 5 - HTP Experience and Supplements for NoBurp
context 2: to try taking 5 - HTP , a serotonin precursor which
context 3: took 100mg of 5 - HTP before bed 5 days later

term: Psychological
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: psychological
context 1: able to burp ? - Psychological reasons . I ’ve noticed
context 2: ? Low acid issue ? Psychological issue ? Diet issue ??
context 3: R - CPD is a Psychological problem . ** His reply

term: obsessing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: obsess
context 1: my anxiety saying I 'm obsessing over it and has referred
context 2: and I ca n't stop obsessing over it
context 3: when I ’m not anxiously obsessing over the sensations , and

term: Original
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: original
context 1: Gallery | tete.gallery .boheme · Original audio
context 2: ! Link : [ https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dI6hUIN5ANFg7gcfdTdmsDA9Qb\_xqCeJeOb3OzmKI6E/edit?usp=drivesdk](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dI6hUIN5ANFg7gcfdTdmsDA9Qb_xqCeJeOb3OzmKI6E/edit?usp=drivesdk) Original post with some details and
context 3: couple of microburps first . Original post with updates here :

term: TINY
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tiny
context 1: 10 . they were all TINY little burps , only had
context 2: I cough or sneeze a TINY bit if air comes out
context 3: , unrelated condition - like TINY - and it was borderline

term: HI
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hi
context 1: FREAKING OUT RN. HELLO . HI . I do not even
context 2: HI ! Y_0_u lOOve S..x! 4bnexGaI
context 3: HI FRIENDS . I posted the

term: benefited
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: benefit
context 1: build coping skills that have benefited me as an adult .
context 2: Hi everyone ! I ’ve benefited so much from this community
context 3: report thread because I really benefited from reading other peoples day

term: Bell
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: bell
context 1: Hey y'all I got Bell 's Palsy and now I
context 2: the mistake of eating Taco Bell and laying down afterwards …
context 3: the future ! Ate Taco Bell for lunch . Throat is

term: Sooo
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sooo
context 1: Sooo glad I found you guys
context 2: have the opposite issue … Sooo obviously we all know that
context 3: in the long run . Sooo what are your favourite non-carbonated

term: Smoking
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: smoking
context 1: seemed terrifying to me . Smoking helped though , to get
context 2: terrible heartburn for me . Smoking makes me nauseous as well
context 3: it a lot worse . Smoking used to make me cough

term: leant
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: lean
context 1: slices of pizza . I leant forward to squash my stomach
context 2: just started realising if I leant forward I could make the
context 3: - leaving me bloated and leant over pouring eaten mushy chip

term: neglected
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: neglect
context 1: ’d share just how I neglected the importance of the position
context 2: and seems like such a neglected subject it 's ridiculous .
context 3: For years I have been neglected , and ignored by the

term: commenters
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: commenter
context 1: some pictures as requested by commenters
context 2: relief , but as other commenters mentioned it seems to make
context 3: heart rate like the other commenters

term: ringing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ringing
context 1: to . Dry nose and ringing ears . Reflux in the
context 2: My right ear has been ringing for three days now .
context 3: with mild tinitus ( constant ringing in the ears ) which

term: Cut
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: cut
context 1: Cut from scope and had to
context 2: my inability to burp ) Cut out dairy and that helped
context 3: and the like ) . Cut to a week ago exactly

term: underestimating
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: underestimate
context 1: Is it possible I ’m underestimating my symptoms or the discomfort
context 2: think that I ’ve been underestimating the impact noburp has on
context 3: , unless I ’m vastly underestimating how often ‘ normal ’

term: Physicians
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: physician
context 1: Procedure ! Dr. Tritter UT Physicians
context 2: by Dr. Tritter with UT Physicians in Houston , TX in
context 3: prior booked an appointment at Physicians Immediate Care to have a

term: overcompensating
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: overcompensate
context 1: , and my left side overcompensating and being over worked /
context 2: I ’m definitely sensitive / overcompensating . Last night I did
context 3: theorized that my UES was overcompensating for the flacid LES ,

term: Tummy
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tummy
context 1: , IBS , SIBO , Tummy Migraines , Cyclical Vomiting Syndrome
context 2: Heather ’s Tummy Tamers are a game changer
context 3: like he has … • Tummy migraines • Cyclical vomiting syndrome

term: yielded
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: yield
context 1: with Dr. Pitman that basically yielded no results . I had
context 2: the effects that this treatment yielded . Really though , it
context 3: 2019 , but these never yielded even a single microburp .

term: loosens
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: loosen
context 1: ready to release as everything loosens up and relaxes right on
context 2: 's great that the botox loosens up the throat and allows
context 3: The procedure loosens up your esophagus muscles which

term: converted
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: convert
context 1: , I am now fully converted . Like others have spoken
context 2: bad . But I have converted a couple of gurgles into
context 3: , which might not be converted by insurance , could be

term: Safe
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: safe
context 1: was dose 4 day . Safe to say I was crapping
context 2: relieving than throat gurgles . Safe to say now I have
context 3: beer. 5 min ago . Safe to take 125 mg gas

term: LMAO
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: lmao
context 1: while ago of the botox LMAO . will the first week
context 2: PLS BURPING FEELS SO GOOD LMAO ITS LEGIT NOT SCARY TRUST
context 3: to politicize no burp ? LMAO It 's not my fault

term: jammed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: jamm
context 1: feels like there are bubbles jammed in it , or like
context 2: that due to the instruments jammed down my throat for the
context 3: a needle and foreign substance jammed into my throat seems absolutely

term: alleviates
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: alleviate
context 1: . The only thing that alleviates some pressure is laying down
context 2: If an injection of Botox alleviates symptoms like I mention in
context 3: the R - CPD treated alleviates some things , and clears

term: slides
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: slide
context 1: still feels like food just slides slowly down my throat without
context 2: on my normal burbs gas slides down my throat making a
context 3: up because bile just casually slides into my mouth and I

term: diminishing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: diminish
context 1: of my mind . Not diminishing what anyone else is going
context 2: with : 1. Swallowing reflex diminishing . 2 . Lost sexual
context 3: , I ’ve been noticing diminishing returns since then . I

term: Jump
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: jump
context 1: Jump to the 3rd paragraph following
context 2: never really hit me . Jump to my mid -20’s and
context 3: appointment with Dr. Bastian . Jump to May 2023 , I

term: deadlifts
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: deadlift
context 1: I have no clue why deadlifts are working , but that
context 2: the gym to do some deadlifts , and I found during
context 3: below the knees instead of deadlifts could be an easy work

term: overlooked
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: overlook
context 1: in populations that are usually overlooked by traditional eating disorder researchers
context 2: Things my dumbass somehow totally overlooked but were also totally fine
context 3: should * not * be overlooked , but I do n't

term: Struggling
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: struggle
context 1: . * Day 10 : Struggling to manage any burps now
context 2: else had this experience ? Struggling to exercise / walk for
context 3: 'll need a third . Struggling to tell what is a

term: windows
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: window
context 1: uncontrolled burp that rattled the windows : a dramatic exorcism of
context 2: when you breath on cold windows to fog them up .
context 3: do so only in isolated windows and with a lot of

term: demons
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: demon
context 1: dramatic exorcism of my noburp demons . Little did I know
context 2: sounding like burps instead of demons expunging from hell . But
context 3: sound like I am summoning demons from hell !!! I can

term: r/NoBurp
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: r/noburp
context 1: state , my friend found r/NoBurp and showed me some posts
context 2: are already known here on r/NoBurp and are using Dr. Bastians
context 3: my life so fucking much r/NoBurp - love you all .

term: \*
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: \*
context 1: gave me muscle relaxers which \* spoiler\ * relax your whole
context 2: a laryngologist tomorrow that will \* hopefully \* listen and consider
context 3: tomorrow that will \* hopefully \* listen and consider me for

term: WHILE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: while
context 1: n't want to see it WHILE she was doing it )
context 2: my mouth closed , EVEN WHILE AT WORK . The first
context 3: has never happened to me WHILE having a flair up :

term: Planning
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: plan
context 1: / feel after surgery . Planning to stop in a few
context 2: cheese sour cream and butter Planning to make a chicken enchilada
context 3: condition but will try . Planning to see Dr. Jacqui Allen

term: spasming
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: spasm
context 1: heart feeling like it was spasming . Trying to decide if
context 2: point due to my esophagus spasming . I have yet to
context 3: , if noburp is a spasming LES , would n't that

term: Hiatus
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hiatus
context 1: Hiatus hernia , stomach inflammation ,
context 2: that I ’ve had my Hiatus Hernia repaired , the LES
context 3: it : Result ? A Hiatus Hernia . I was given

term: grades
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: grade
context 1: health problems , my low grades in school , and my
context 2: a second job , my grades in school went up ,
context 3: my school applications , my grades dropped , I had very

term: Middle
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: middle
context 1: live in Iran in the Middle East . Where is the
context 2: Middle school and High school were
context 3: . * Nov 2023 : Middle ear issue begins fullness ,

term: vocals
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: vocal
context 1: practicing guitar lately but my vocals are shot . I ca
context 2: changing how I do my vocals for this particular show .
context 3: do , posting about your vocals after Botox would be really

term: Officially
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: officially
context 1: position ?! Day 14 : Officially 2 weeks since botox and
context 2: and still burping everyday ! Officially not subbed to this thread
context 3: Hello all . Officially diagnosed with Graves last week

term: Großhadern
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: großhadern
context 1: botox in Munich ( Klinikum Großhadern )
context 2: I decided to call Klinikum Großhadern in Munich and contact the
context 3: to a specialist in Munich Großhadern , but that was kind

term: Source
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: source
context 1: Good Luck ! &#x200B ; Source Links : [ https://youtu.be/RnP3uDyh3uw](https://youtu.be/RnP3uDyh3uw) [
context 2: provides a diagnosis . :) Source : Went straight to BVI
context 3: that enhance patient care . Source : [ https://journals.sagepub.com/home/opn](https://journals.sagepub.com/home/opn) &#x200B ;

term: preformed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: preform
context 1: but i had an endoscopy preformed in 2020 which did not
context 2: other areas . He ’s preformed it a bunch of times
context 3: throat clinic today . They preformed an nasoendoscopy , said everything

term: grows
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: grow
context 1: focus on the feeling that grows in the bottom of your
context 2: in this fast and it grows to maximum effectiveness over 2
context 3: , only a discomfort that grows and feels like it is

term: Surgeon
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: surgeon
context 1: to fully kick in ? Surgeon said it would probably take
context 2: Mr Hewitt ( GOSH ENT Surgeon ) , and of course
context 3: not covered by insurance ) Surgeon fee for esophagoscopy : $

term: WE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: we
context 1: my regular googling and APPARENTLY WE HAVE A WHOLE DIAGNOSIS NOW
context 2: NEVER AGREED TO THIS AND WE WILL HAVE NO PART IN
context 3: others have to share ! WE CAN DO THIS .

term: WHOLE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: whole
context 1: and APPARENTLY WE HAVE A WHOLE DIAGNOSIS NOW ? When I
context 2: the silent room through the WHOLE hour . I sounded like
context 3: DAY OF ANXIETY WORTH YOUR WHOLE LIFE OF SUFFERING !!??** I

term: Old
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: old
context 1: 14yr Old Daugter 6 wks Post Treatment
context 2: [ 27 - Year - Old Man Burps for the First
context 3: Mine sound like explosions . Old man it , be proud

term: pediatricians
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pediatrician
context 1: We were forever dismissed by pediatricians telling us it was constipation
context 2: through my life , including pediatricians , ENTs , gastroenterologists ,
context 3: - I got in a pediatricians face once over a request

term: Instantly
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: instantly
context 1: so glad I did . Instantly , I started trying to
context 2: about 2 weeks ago . Instantly did more research about it
context 3: back of my throat . Instantly I take 2 tums and

term: unleashed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: unleash
context 1: new gurgle that Botox has unleashed , or if it 's
context 2: anniversary trip to Europe , unleashed the hounds of hell before
context 3: cough a MONSTER burp is unleashed . I ’m not even

term: non-Botox
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: non-botox
context 1: eat more now . Any non-Botox suggestions / things that have
context 2: to - all of the non-Botox costs . &#x200B ; I
context 3: Botox effects with as much non-Botox help as humanly possible .

term: EXPERIENCE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: experience
context 1: and most of all MY EXPERIENCE ! it was so refreshing
context 2: my issue . MY BOTOX EXPERIENCE : I am a girl
context 3: this week . # BOTOX EXPERIENCE ** DAY 0 — Tuesday

term: Gotta
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gotta
context 1: carbonated drinks and practice . Gotta make the time with the
context 2: pays off to practice ! Gotta train those muscles !! Exercise
context 3: all the air out . Gotta try to work on bigger

term: finals
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: final
context 1: ... &#x200B ; It 's finals week for me and yesterday
context 2: a stressful time with college finals so I am wondering if
context 3: ’ll be heading into my finals today not only in pain

term: differs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: differ
context 1: symptoms worse and if it differs from person to person ?
context 2: to point out how it differs for me so if you
context 3: days . But it also differs for everyone how soon you

term: Charlottenlund
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: charlottenlund
context 1: with the private hospital of Charlottenlund , near Copenhagen . I
context 2: doctors : Dr. Jesper Balle Charlottenlund Privathospital Jægersborg Alle 4 ,
context 3: Privathospital Jægersborg Alle 4 , Charlottenlund , Denmark https://www.charlottenlund-privathospital.dk/staff-2/ I will

term: pulses
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pulse
context 1: ) to measure for electric pulses in the nerves . They
context 2: . They listened to electric pulses , measured and then made
context 3: , legumes ( beans and pulses ) , fish and shellfish

term: Answer
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: answer
context 1: is one more factor . Answer this regardless of whether you
context 2: and then move on . Answer questions but do n't make
context 3: social and job life ? Answer :- Not at all .

term: VK
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: vk
context 1: out as a teenager drink VK ( £ 1 a bottle
context 2: out as a teenager drink VK ( £ 1 a bottle
context 3: VK ? All I can think

term: amplified
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: amplify
context 1: think my throat nausea is amplified intensely when both ends of
context 2: but I think it was amplified due to later developing PTSD
context 3: job when my anxiety is amplified by this . Sorry if

term: WhatsApp
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: whatsapp
context 1: Podríamos hacer un grupo de WhatsApp para compartir experiencias . Soy
context 2: , tenemos un grupo de WhatsApp de habla hispana , solo
context 3: actualmente en un grupo de WhatsApp . Eh ido de médico

term: Saludos
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: saludos
context 1: la inyección de botox . Saludos .
context 2: a compartir la información ! Saludos
context 3: . Seguimos en contacto . Saludos ! 🥰

term: chairs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: chair
context 1: I ’m laying on some chairs in the breakroom .
context 2: and they had some comfy chairs and soft music playing ,
context 3: example , look at kneeling chairs - I was considering one

term: :-D
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: :-d
context 1: Hoping for more progress tomorrow :-D Day 3 - So today
context 2: and burping the alphabet together :-D &#x200B ;
context 3: 'll explode in the night :-D Does anyone else suffer from

term: motivating
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: motivate
context 1: im not alone and its motivating . I m trying to
context 2: might not be a real motivating factor for many of you
context 3: , one of my main motivating factors was that R -

term: giggles
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: giggle
context 1: rn feeling all of the giggles and bubbles and nausea and
context 2: is slightly over my joyous giggles .. look i ’ve waited
context 3: heavy food , had the giggles … you name it .

term: appts
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: appt
context 1: Anybody interested in swapping appts ? Lucy Hicklin
context 2: have had two follow up appts with his Physician ’s Assistant
context 3: my pre and post op appts / laryngoscopy at austin ent

term: envied
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: envie
context 1: the gurgling , and I envied all the burpers , including
context 2: my entire life , always envied others who do , and
context 3: all my life I 've envied the normal people , belching

term: converting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: convert
context 1: maybe I 'm wrong and converting gurgles to burps is just
context 2: nailed down a technique for converting those gurgles into burps .
context 3: , the success rate of converting a gurgle to a microburp

term: plates
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: plate
context 1: Title . Bodybuilders use weight plates or neck harnesses or even
context 2: of chicken and rice halal plates , nigiri sushi , poke
context 3: at team pasta parties eating plates and plates of pasta ;

term: baths
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: bath
context 1: Could also have magnesium salt baths .
context 2: sometimes ill take scalding hot baths to relax my stomach and
context 3: the panic 2. ) hot baths - when im struggling to

term: engages
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: engage
context 1: as it turns out also engages similar muscles to those recommended
context 2: my diaphragm and then often engages my esophagus and even my
context 3: neck workout , it also engages the abdominal muscles in an

term: HIGHLY
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: highly
context 1: if your feeling hesitant I HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
context 2: also add that I ’m HIGHLY convinced I have Barrett ’s
context 3: . - Note ! I HIGHLY recommend you make clear notes

term: Sex
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sex
context 1: Sex with big GIRLS ? Here
context 2: Sex video chat with Russian girls
context 3: Date : 10/16/2024 , 7:30am Sex : M Age : 28

term: weighted
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: weight
context 1: at the gym I did weighted hip thrusts for the first
context 2: abdomen ? Especially when doing weighted abdominal work ? It is
context 3: . I ’ve even been weighted down with weights on my

term: voiced
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: voice
context 1: https://www.michaelpitmanmd.com/retrograde-cricopharyngeal-dysfunction) which he read and voiced his distrust in . He
context 2: ” attitude . I ’ve voiced this many times to my
context 3: consult in office . I voiced my concerns about gagging and

term: indicating
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: indicate
context 1: it has ever been - indicating that something was working !
context 2: the gurgles , but nothing indicating a burp yet . Should
context 3: , there are already posts indicating a comorbidity of hiatal hernia

term: healthiest
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: healthy
context 1: definitely do not eat the healthiest but I ’ve also realized
context 2: cm tall , and my healthiest weight was 79 kg (
context 3: literally the highest functioning and healthiest person I know . She

term: Perrier
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: perrier
context 1: so far as to chug Perrier ( It was zero calories
context 2: I began chugging those wholeass Perrier bottles about a month or
context 3: a 24 - pack of Perrier to practice burping with buttt

term: SOB
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sob
context 1: regularly have chest pressure , SOB , feels like im suffocating
context 2: Does anyone else struggle with SOB ? I have this on
context 3: symptoms extremely worse , like SOB , chest pain , since

term: joys
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: joy
context 1: she is deprived of the joys and reliefs of burping ,
context 2: the right choice . The joys of burping were n’t all
context 3: . Then I discovered the joys of drinking Guinness . This

term: urps
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: urp
context 1: get what I call ' urps , ' as it is
context 2: A case of the " urps " , as I called
context 3: ) I stopped having the urps and wound up able to

term: TRYING
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: try
context 1: can give is to KEEP TRYING ! It 's true what
context 2: Still , should I be TRYING to burp a different way
context 3: ) and i have been TRYING to find out what is

term: masked
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mask
context 1: my surprise the cough was masked by the sound of projectile
context 2: but most times will be masked and sound like a big
context 3: was intermittently gassy and that masked the small ones . I

term: females
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: female
context 1: it ’s primarily males or females that get this . I
context 2: note , are there any females here between the ages of
context 3: .. does anyone - particularly females with this - have issues

term: logs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: log
context 1: the list of Bastian Botox logs ! These logs were extremely
context 2: Bastian Botox logs ! These logs were extremely influential in helping
context 3: for her . She still logs in and reads occasionally :)

term: Honey
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: honey
context 1: hour and then went to Honey Jam cafe for a soft
context 2: Honey makes my gurgles worse ?
context 3: , Lemon , Spearmint , Honey and B6 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074MJCC1H/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_fab_1OFGFbAFPXBA0 These are

term: subscribers
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: subscriber
context 1: this subreddit has over 7400 subscribers and that to my knowledge
context 2: this sub has so many subscribers and is growing every day
context 3: big jumps like 3 k subscribers in less than three days

term: Listen
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: listen
context 1: docs and say , " Listen , I know of at
context 2: you 've got . ** Listen :** [**https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjD-KodTCOU**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjD-KodTCOU) This song and
context 3: So WEIRED - Listen until end ( Do you

term: ridden
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ride
context 1: sometimes when i ’m ridden with nocturnal noburp and i
context 2: while back , anxiety - ridden about the slow swallow .
context 3: some days with spit - ridden flannels and shirts that needed

term: subjects
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: subject
context 1: the article : “ For subjects self - administering antacids for
context 2: educated on a lot of subjects that are linked to my
context 3: and post - meal cough subjects since then . Hope you

term: speakers
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: speaker
context 1: los Hispanohablantes ( for Spanish speakers ) :
context 2: such as these ones with speakers from many countries : [
context 3: a lot of the same speakers / attendees which means they

term: Magic
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: magic
context 1: Vomica 30c , Dexilant , Magic Mushrooms , alcohol ) -
context 2: ; https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/33aoke/how_i_was_cured/ How ? : Magic Mushrooms &nbsp ; https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/2l6sb8/nonburper_for_my_whole_life_now_cured_wanted_to/ How
context 3: , burped a lot . Magic . Laying down for bed

term: Sit-Ups
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sit-up
context 1: ) - 3x Side Neck Sit-Ups - 2x Other ( swallowing
context 2: minute once - Side Neck Sit-Ups : Laying down on side
context 3: , then do Side Neck Sit-Ups 20 times each side &nbsp

term: Ups
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: up
context 1: exercises + Side Neck Sit- Ups exercises Summary : - Doing
context 2: Shaker + Side Neck Sit- Ups exercise - Shaker : lifting
context 3: , Side Neck Sit - Ups exercises Summary : - Did

term: Adding
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: add
context 1: ; https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/g43q0f/brazilian_jiu_jitsu_cured_me/ How ? : Adding pressure on adams apple Summary
context 2: that are easily digestible . Adding in some fiber might be
context 3: 5 to 10 mins . Adding to to maybe a 100

term: Walked
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: walk
context 1: - Got very drunk - Walked how and burped and has
context 2: short space of time . Walked home , sat up in
context 3: . I was the . Walked into the OR . Hopped

term: retches
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: retche
context 1: . I have massive dry retches with a lot of air
context 2: have done 5 full body retches and still nothing . takes
context 3: it took a few hard retches to get anything up ,

term: amplifies
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: amplify
context 1: maybe focusing on it just amplifies the suffering
context 2: this problem , but anxiety amplifies it **. Trying to act
context 3: bigger concern , since it amplifies any minor GERD symptoms I

term: tripping
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: trip
context 1: scared of throwing up whilst tripping .
context 2: helps . I have been tripping every weekend on mushrooms .
context 3: walked to the store still tripping balls and bought a 12

term: shopping
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: shopping
context 1: I will be going food shopping at the beginning of next
context 2: n’t want to waste time shopping the symptoms around to a
context 3: post - Botox ? Grocery shopping soon for some recovery foods

term: stalls
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: stall
context 1: Embarrassing air vomits in bathroom stalls , bloating , avoiding bubbles
context 2: the people in the other stalls in the bathroom that “
context 3: in a public bathroom with stalls where everyone can hear you

term: I.
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: i.
context 1: was in agonizing pain but I. COULD . NOT . THROW
context 2: want to feel better . I. Can not . Wait .
context 3: and general realizations today : I. Absolutely NO to LES surgery

term: normalised
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: normalise
context 1: drinking when it ’s so normalised and such a huge part
context 2: every day . I had normalised these symptoms over my adult
context 3: get by and have “ normalised ” the effects of not

term: overdoing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: overdo
context 1: botox drift ? ) by overdoing speaking and shouting something but
context 2: I realized I had been overdoing it with carbs lately and
context 3: vomited quite a lot from overdoing it , that was not

term: perspectives
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: perspective
context 1: . " I respect these perspectives , but I genuinely feel
context 2: would really appreciate some outside perspectives . Thanks .
context 3: 'd like to hear some perspectives / experiences . Prior to

term: Including
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: include
context 1: know after getting Botox — Including but not limited to information
context 2: being able to burp . Including an appearance from Ms L
context 3: other organs / muscles . Including posture , stress , muscle

term: trading
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: trade
context 1: if I have to before trading in my new ability to
context 2: ’m worried I ’ll be trading one socially awkward noise for
context 3: mentioned that I could be trading one ailment for another .

term: yesburpers
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: yesburper
context 1: of noburpers who have turned yesburpers by " cheating " throughout
context 2: noburpers who have turned into yesburpers have learned the correct way
context 3: it can happen to regular yesburpers too but I do n't

term: World
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: world
context 1: World Map Updates ( Americas )
context 2: update on the [ ** World Map of Specialists **] (
context 3: ] ( https://youtu.be/AFTk2xZD2Bg?si=cLmeR3CDBJuoYIFw) [ A World Map of Known R -

term: spaced
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: space
context 1: they 're actually quite nicely spaced out in the country for
context 2: but be a little more spaced out as the day -
context 3: have a few sips , spaced out over time to avoid

term: refunded
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: refund
context 1: it and we can get refunded . Even if we do
context 2: if it can be partially refunded when it ’s in another
context 3: to file the external appeal refunded as a bonus 😁 I

term: pitches
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pitch
context 1: say eeee , then change pitches , so eeeeEEEEEeeee lol .
context 2: Muscle is involved in higher pitches . I read from a
context 3: both high and low vocal pitches . You ’re then fed

term: NAUSEA
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: nausea
context 1: for me is NO MORE NAUSEA !!!! IT IS AMAZING LIVING
context 2: IS AMAZING LIVING LIFE WITHOUT NAUSEA ! the slightest thing used
context 3: which helps a lot . NAUSEA is also a huge huge

term: hesitating
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hesitate
context 1: Doctor hesitating
context 2: botox injection but she is hesitating since she never done it
context 3: situation , if you are hesitating to do this , go

term: THING
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: thing
context 1: found out THIS IS A THING ! Whatttt !! On top
context 2: that this is a REAL THING and it ’s not just
context 3: on the INABILITY TO BURP THING . IT IS SUCH A

term: dubbed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: dub
context 1: life . My college roommate dubbed me ‘ spindly ’ one
context 2: yawn . my partner has dubbed these yawn burps as “
context 3: anything . My girlfriend has dubbed it " the monster ,

term: Nebraska
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: nebraska
context 1: there is a doctor in Nebraska I just ca n't remember
context 2: and live in Omaha , Nebraska . My biggest problem at
context 3: Omaha area or anywhere in Nebraska or Iowa ?

term: Venkatesan
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: venkatesan
context 1: an appt booked with Dr Venkatesan in Dallas in a few
context 2: Went to Dr. Naren Venkatesan in Dallas , Tx and
context 3: Dr. Naren Venkatesan at BSW

term: scratching
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: scratch
context 1: try a toothbrush to prevent scratching ) . Between bouts of
context 2: could happen from the intubation scratching your throat when you re
context 3: my doctor mentioned were perhaps scratching your throat or chipping a

term: FUCK
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: fuck
context 1: or the unbearable gas . FUCK THIS CONDITION ! &#x200B ;
context 2: mean it ’s funny but FUCK does this shit hurt .
context 3: you , cricopharyngeous muscle . FUCK YOU . ** Day 3

term: tumors
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tumor
context 1: injection and mass growth ( tumors ) removal . Throat is
context 2: my esophagus to check for tumors . It 's not amusing
context 3: , also I have 2 tumors on the vocal cords .

term: Kept
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: kept
context 1: crack of dawn Tuesday . Kept hotel room through Tuesday night
context 2: it was n’t bad . Kept feeling like gas was stuck
context 3: feeling SO MUCH BETTER ! Kept all my food down again

term: dissolves
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: dissolve
context 1: or every year since it dissolves . Is it the same
context 2: some medicine in it that dissolves gasses in the stomach .
context 3: lumpy way the pain immediately dissolves and he is fine .

term: Thai
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: thai
context 1: I decided to eat some Thai food , and today I
context 2: British citizen living in the Thai countryside with medical insurance that
context 3: really stare at me . Thai has stopped now and even

term: ;DR
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ;dr
context 1: [ TL ;DR ] I have a weird
context 2: will be long . TL ;DR ; at the end I
context 3: I 'll put a TL ;DR at the end for people

term: obs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ob
context 1: I had another set of obs taken around 3 pm and
context 2: a few more checks and obs completed before I walked to
context 3: I had another set of obs taken around 3 pm and

term: burnt
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: burn
context 1: that my throat was badly burnt from it . Because of
context 2: like . I often feel burnt out from trying to sing
context 3: there is literally a hole burnt into it ) , etc

term: caveats
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: caveat
context 1: it out . A few caveats here - as I 'm
context 2: time , and the usual caveats - no eating past midnight
context 3: take note of the potential caveats to this mentality . Such

term: Aerophagia
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: aerophagia
context 1: complete inability to burp . Aerophagia plus no burp has increased
context 2: the idea that I have Aerophagia ( swallowing too much air
context 3: slept worse with it ... Aerophagia was a big reason why

term: churning
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: churn
context 1: everyone could hear my insides churning .
context 2: am still getting lots of churning / gurgling in my stomach
context 3: to all the gurgling and churning of my stomach / intestines

term: suits
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: suit
context 1: wearing tighter clothes like bathing suits and tank tops is hard
context 2: bit of a wait but suits me fine as I have
context 3: exercise / eat whenever it suits my schedule . It ’s

term: downplaying
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: downplay
context 1: one made a habit of downplaying my complaints including re:RCPD )
context 2: every second of my life downplaying how shitty I feel to
context 3: not understanding the condition and downplaying it . Most times if

term: th
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: that
context 1: them every day and have th not work anymore .. I
context 2: may just as well pay th £ 5 k ish ?
context 3: it so if you fine th video please do share .

term: featured
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: feature
context 1: Some of us featured in an article in the
context 2: r / noburp featured on Wait Wait … Do
context 3: released . Brittany is also featured on there - who I

term: dissolving
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: dissolve
context 1: of taking Botox / dysport dissolving pills if god forbid it
context 2: able to ( burps ‘ dissolving ’ in throat when coming
context 3: trying to decide between fat dissolving injections which are expensive but

term: Us
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: we
context 1: row . The Last of Us fans , think Clicker noises
context 2: Sticking with The Last of Us theme , I sound like
context 3: thinking like The Last Of Us zombies , and the Little

term: paused
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pause
context 1: top of my stomach she paused for a moment and then
context 2: a small burp . I paused in shock , my husband
context 3: . My progress pretty much paused there for 6 months and

term: aged
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: aged
context 1: was misdiagnosed with an ulcer aged 14 and when that treatment
context 2: and regularly smoking rolling tobacco aged 14 . If I ’m
context 3: have improved as I 've aged and the recovery and cost

term: yogurts
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: yogurt
context 1: able to drink soups , yogurts ) and i ca nt
context 2: on smoothies , soups and yogurts which I think are going
context 3: 've figured out that probiotic yogurts like activia are way more

term: husbands
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: husband
context 1: my head and practicing my husbands way of burping .. lol
context 2: they can even rival my husbands hahaha . I ca n’t
context 3: father in law and my husbands grandmother all ca n’t burp

term: prolly
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: probably
context 1: going - 🪶⛓ 🙃.. 🤕 prolly not .
context 2: explain . I would wait prolly a week at least
context 3: first try so I will prolly get around 20 - 30

term: Lisa
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: lisa
context 1: , New York : Dr. Lisa Galati - source : comment
context 2: , New York : Dr. Lisa Galati - source : comment
context 3: , MN ) * Dr Lisa Galati ( Albany , NY

term: Noah
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: noah
context 1: Indianapolis , IN : Dr. Noah Parker \--- Canada --- *
context 2: other Indiana doctors besides Dr. Noah Parker ?
context 3: IU Health has a provider Noah Parker up on the north

term: brews
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: brew
context 1: being able to knock back brews with the boys while also
context 2: nachos as they slurp their brews away . Every time I
context 3: for the variety of local brews . Chewing Gum , because

term: Heaven
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: heaven
context 1: burp . It was like Heaven . That happened to me
context 2: . Sweet Baby Jesus in Heaven , this improves the quality
context 3: side / stomach sleeper . Heaven help me if I naturally

term: cameras
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: camera
context 1: running around with large heavy cameras , so I do n’t
context 2: issues . I 've had cameras up my nose and down
context 3: yet recommends more tubes and cameras down my throat . And

term: reappeared
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: reappear
context 1: to get the food down reappeared in my mouth during these
context 2: my late 20's the symptoms reappeared slowly . I got scoped
context 3: holding back throughout the meal reappeared as a 5 second rip

term: reverted
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: revert
context 1: to be getting worse and reverted back from more solid food
context 2: slight microburping , I fully reverted and had worse nausea and
context 3: And now I have practically reverted back to before botox .

term: IQoro
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: iqoro
context 1: . So , I messaged IQoro customer service and asked whether
context 2: day I randomly found my IQoro and out of desperation and
context 3: read about and bought an IQoro , it might even have

term: SMALL
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: small
context 1: in English * ) ​ SMALL INTRODUCTION I am a 25
context 2: HAVE HOPE IF YOU RECOGNIZE SMALL POSITIVE SIGNS ! THIS IS
context 3: 3 : I’VE BEEN HAVING SMALL BURPS TODAY ITS WORKING AND

term: culminated
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: culminate
context 1: ) , and it 's culminated in me responding with this
context 2: drinks tonight and it just culminated in the most frustrating experience
context 3: all day so this all culminated into an unsettled bloated belly

term: curling
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: curl
context 1: or bent 2 . Start curling up ( keeping your chin
context 2: . 8 . No longer curling up in a ball on
context 3: and that sitting down , curling up to my knees ,

term: Lemme
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: lemme
context 1: Hey guys . Lemme start by saying I ca
context 2: Lemme teach you how to burp
context 3: you a better guide . Lemme explain . Actually , real

term: relatives
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: relative
context 1: burp , have siblings or relatives who also ca n’t burp
context 2: . Do you have any relatives who ca n't burp ?
context 3: to that age where my relatives start challenging me to drink

term: grandparents
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: grandparent
context 1: , but one of our grandparents ca n’t . We ’re
context 2: , I was at my grandparents when I was 5 or
context 3: as my surgery and my grandparents were in town so I

term: winning
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: win
context 1: this it was all a winning battle , I debated writing
context 2: I 'm winning the war .
context 3: It was n't award - winning or spectacular , but it

term: Croaks
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: croaks
context 1: usual symptoms like the Evil Croaks are quite abundant in these
context 2: Instead of thinking of the Croaks as an inner demon ,
context 3: 'm just so bloated . Croaks are coming up my throat

term: elements
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: element
context 1: have pondered all of the elements of my life at that
context 2: car seat covers with heating elements and vibration function . I
context 3: excessive vomiting one of the elements that makes bulimia bad for

term: Infirmary
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: infirmary
context 1: follows ; at Manchester Royal Infirmary with Dr Khawaja . Dr
context 2: practice at the Manchester Royal Infirmary . ’ Somewhat good news
context 3: the procedure at Doncaster Royal Infirmary .

term: raspberries
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: raspberry
context 1: did burp ( tasted like raspberries , which was nice )
context 2: : lip trills ( blow raspberries ) , yawn while looking
context 3: make your burps taste like raspberries . I ’ve been surprised

term: Payday
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: payday
context 1: My wife had purchased some Payday bars when we were there
context 2: , and I remembered the Payday bar , ( we still
context 3: Nice try Payday marketing team

term: Calling
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: calling
context 1: Calling anyone who ’s gotten the
context 2: Calling all post - Botox folk
context 3: Calling all military in DMV !

term: Miss
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: miss
context 1: in their waiting room . Miss Hicklin was very pleasant ,
context 2: it every single day . Miss a dose and I know
context 3: ray machine . anyway , Miss Doctor gave me the cup

term: threatened
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: threaten
context 1: vomit , my boyfriend once threatened to never go out for
context 2: a doctor as well as threatened to be admitted to a
context 3: XYZ in return and they threatened to give the gift to

term: shutting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: shut
context 1: article but my eyes kept shutting . I decide I will
context 2: Then when my brain is shutting down , it allowed me
context 3: but his practice is unfortunately shutting down at the end of

term: Consultant
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: consultant
context 1: to Burp . Lucy Hicklin Consultant ENT , FRCS ORL H&N
context 2: to Burp . Lucy Hicklin Consultant ENT , FRCS ORL H&N
context 3: n't expel it ! The Consultant in my initial appointment did

term: 48hrs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: 48hr
context 1: will happen usually for about 48hrs , then patients may notice
context 2: will happen usually for about 48hrs , then patients may notice
context 3: since botox . The first 48hrs were very painful , but

term: disabling
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: disabl
context 1: family member who has had disabling gastroparesis most of her life
context 2: no one ever believed how disabling it was . So i
context 3: I have been suffering from disabling symptoms for at least 7

term: CPDers
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: cpders
context 1: Hi fellow R - CPDers ! I ’m wondering if
context 2: 15a % of R - CPDers for whom the dose did
context 3: lot of fellow R - CPDers . )

term: timed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: time
context 1: where the gurgles were poorly timed . Those miscommunications were the
context 2: been doing shakers & the timed swallowing technique a little while
context 3: all her life . A timed barium esophagogram revealed a moderate

term: XYZ
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: xyz
context 1: I was n't groaning about XYZ . " I plan to
context 2: consult for rcpd with Dr XYZ ? " Or would I
context 3: to burp and always experienced XYZ ” if that makes sense

term: Insane
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: insane
context 1: * Can not burp * Insane gas * Stomach problems ,
context 2: number pretty easily now . Insane to think about . **
context 3: flew to London lol . Insane . But I first wanted

term: Process
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: process
context 1: Hicklin . Highly recommend . Process was straightforward and painless .
context 2: Hicklin . Highly recommend . Process was straightforward and painless .
context 3: clinic with Lucy Hicklin . Process was straightforward , painless and

term: creams
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: cream
context 1: Fragrant lip products , eye creams , perfume , make me
context 2: I feel like topical numbing creams may not dive deep enough
context 3: Botox I had two ice creams for desert and after that

term: Hopeful
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hopeful
context 1: over they pop out . Hopeful it will all sort itself
context 2: part of the healing ? Hopeful for a successful process and
context 3: that ’s mostly water . Hopeful by tonight that I ’ll

term: Ibs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ibs
context 1: disease into remission , cured Ibs and GERD , increased fertility
context 2: you 're distressed over " Ibs " everyday and people around
context 3: that have been labeled as Ibs . Does all this sound

term: fulfilling
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: fulfil
context 1: rougher’ - sounding and more fulfilling feeling burp that actually comes
context 2: guttural yet still not entirely fulfilling ( still feels like there
context 3: second has been much more fulfilling . How many units did

term: truely
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: truly
context 1: belches , but that was truely a number I never managed
context 2: get used to it & truely accept that it 's better
context 3: at 75 kg and have truely never felt better just being

term: O
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: o
context 1: m a 29 Y / O male in the UK .
context 2: when I make a small O ( like blowing out candles
context 3: Olá pessoal . O colega que u / sideoftheblue

term: inversions
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: inversion
context 1: in her belly and doing inversions / flips / handstands .
context 2: tight when she is doing inversions . Again , probably not
context 3: do n't recommend doing any inversions ( where your head is

term: flips
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: flip
context 1: belly and doing inversions / flips / handstands . I think
context 2: Apparently , my stomach " flips " over onto itself ,
context 3: my stomach just kind of flips over sometimes , trapping gas

term: flavoured
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: flavoure
context 1: had so far are strawberry flavoured milk . 9/10 . )
context 2: + and 2 - 3 flavoured real burps . **2 Days
context 3: - 5 but they are flavoured ( ew ) . **

term: micros
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: micro
context 1: and am mostly only getting micros so as just curious when
context 2: real burping , not even micros , probably around Saturday ,
context 3: the time . No more micros ! My problem now is

term: stouts
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: stout
context 1: 2. Beer Drinkers : Nitro stouts - Discovered this cheat code
context 2: why you ’re drinking dark stouts in July . - shotgunning
context 3: , except beer but only stouts and things with low fizz

term: rewarded
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: reward
context 1: burping was Okay , and rewarded myself . Fast forward to
context 2: few more beers and was rewarded with a few more micro
context 3: skinny and I was really rewarded for it . The worse

term: hosts
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: host
context 1: around it ) . The hosts had never heard of it
context 2: I was impressed with the hosts ' empathy and it feels
context 3: previous question someone asked the hosts about sneezing . It was

term: Docs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: docs
context 1: PNW Docs
context 2: Docs in melb in australia ?
context 3: [ Cricopharyngeal Rehab - Google Docs ] ( http://docs.openinapp.co/crico) ( For

term: crusts
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: crust
context 1: just really thick , bready crusts but actually they are fairly
context 2: are fairly thin and flaky crusts and since the tomato sauce
context 3: tip : cut off the crusts or you ’ll end up

term: AFAIK
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: afaik
context 1: can get anywhere else ( AFAIK ) . Anyway , I
context 2: has no history of it AFAIK . Do you guys think
context 3: but not our chronic discomfort AFAIK . Anocdotally I think there

term: BRD
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: brd
context 1: that pregnancy did affect their BRD symptoms ] ( https://imgur.com/7ojS29N), which
context 2: have had their concerns about BRD taken seriously by a general
context 3: idea for the sub . BRD is just a pain .

term: Deep
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: deep
context 1: * Gagging or coughing * Deep breaths ( followed by working
context 2: order to control them . Deep state . Secret society king
context 3: 'd just done my PADI Deep course ) . I have

term: compiling
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: compile
context 1: about farting * Sticky post compiling burping exercises or methods for
context 2: YOU to this group for compiling a list of providers who
context 3: for sharing your stories and compiling the provider list ! This

term: Top
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: top
context 1: day . Dinner was at Top Golf and boy did that
context 2: you sort the sub by Top - All Time and read
context 3: Top 10 Post - Botox Unusual

term: DIY
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: diy
context 1: , I 'm trying the DIY approach . But I 'm
context 2: your bed if you must DIY ) . It ’s not
context 3: It ’s not recommended to DIY this with pillows , as

term: Per
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: per
context 1: as I can remember . Per my mom , I did
context 2: sono l'unico italiano qui . Per favore , se leggi questo
context 3: n't work ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/csj2y3/inoffice_botox_with_dr_spiegel/). Per the linked post , first

term: Tests
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: test
context 1: since I last vomited . Tests taken : * Upper Endoscopy
context 2: flatulent . &#x200B ; # Tests taken : * Upper Endoscopy
context 3: a CT scans , Blood Tests , stool tests , with

term: Scan
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: scan
context 1: be expected ) * CT Scan ( Abdominal ) - Normal
context 2: my stomach ) * CT Scan ( Abdominal ) - Normal
context 3: Tomorrow I have a CT Scan . In 4 months I

term: splitting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: split
context 1: Thursday ) and will be splitting up the trip in 2
context 2: building up to it by splitting pills in half . No
context 3: anything standing without having a splitting headache . Most people are

term: Portugal
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: portugal
context 1: Hi from Portugal
context 2: condition . Unfortunately doctors in Portugal do n't know about this
context 3: Is there anyone here from Portugal who might know someone who

term: cokes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: coke
context 1: naughty & had 3 diet cokes today and burped during and
context 2: the help of chugging diet cokes all day and really going
context 3: small , strong rum and cokes usually do n't kill me

term: powered
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: power
context 1: feel too debilitating and i powered through it and managed but
context 2: super appreciated ! EDIT : powered through the job interview with
context 3: go through with this , powered by the hope that it

term: pretended
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pretend
context 1: you would do if you pretended to retch , like even
context 2: went to lie down and pretended I was tired , etc
context 3: I tucked my chin and pretended I was every cartoon character

term: hunching
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hunch
context 1: time am sitting down and hunching , or lying down and
context 2: your belly by slouching or hunching forward is also bad for
context 3: , then sit up quickly hunching your stomach over your legs

term: projecting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: project
context 1: i ’m still having trouble projecting my voice when i ’m
context 2: long periods of time or projecting . I 'm also having
context 3: . This causes difficulty in projecting my voice . But she

term: DE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: de
context 1: BE , NL , DE
context 2: GI since having moved to DE from NJ . I 'm
context 3: I 'm in Newark , DE . I was looking at

term: XR
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: xr
context 1: this ?! I take Adderall XR . Usually a few hours
context 2: Esophagus XR finds nothing …?
context 3: . He did request an XR , Esophogram . He said

term: parasites
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: parasite
context 1: , **F- baktVIP ** ( parasites ) , ** F-elastase **
context 2: for H pylori and other parasites multiple days in a row
context 3: analysis for candida overgrowth , parasites and inflammation the week after

term: thirties
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: thirty
context 1: time I got into my thirties I realised I was sick
context 2: a female in my mid thirties and I have never burped
context 3: a man in his mid thirties , I was recently diagnosed

term: mixes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mix
context 1: and cranberry ) and electrolyte mixes , can y'all think of
context 2: before midnight then spirits and mixes until 3 am it was
context 3: in ur esophagus which then mixes with ur stomach causing regurgitation

term: interfered
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: interfer
context 1: life and it never really interfered with my day to day
context 2: years , the bloating has interfered more with my quality of
context 3: there . This condition has interfered with my life for years

term: arises
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: arise
context 1: the discomfort in my chest arises still from time to time
context 2: which the need to burp arises again . When I "
context 3: need to burp " sensation arises very quickly , and the

term: modifications
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: modification
context 1: the Shaker exercises and many modifications of it for years now
context 2: probably get through it with modifications , but a lot of
context 3: % worth the small lifestyle modifications I 've had to do

term: vids
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: vid
context 1: streak just reading and watching vids on people burping . But
context 2: I posted , 3 min vids were n't a thing !
context 3: . Will check out his vids . Thank you !

term: determines
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: determine
context 1: I ever gurgled . What determines how much a person burps
context 2: and then sniff , which determines whether she 's in the
context 3: it is dilated and that determines your diagnosis . Day 1

term: Road
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: road
context 1: 9 am appointment ( Kings Road clinic ) . I got
context 2: Outpatients Centre , 280 Kings Road , London SW3 5 AW
context 3: without anaesthetic on King 's Road Chelsea in London , I

term: Forgot
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: forget
context 1: exercising . Day 5 : Forgot to take a log this
context 2: Forgot to post an update yesterday
context 3: Forgot about my carotid . Use

term: Ubers
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ubers
context 1: saved me some money in Ubers . By the time I
context 2: a hotel , and taking Ubers to get around . I
context 3: = $ 600 Food and Ubers while we were there =

term: Hotel
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hotel
context 1: in advance . 2 . Hotel - I am staying at
context 2: checked in at the Ayres Hotel which was pretty nice and
context 3: last morning at the Ayres Hotel . It 's a nice

term: suppositories
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: suppository
context 1: ’ve had to do multiple suppositories and strange positions to ensure
context 2: exit . Both the solid suppositories and liquid glycerin say not
context 3: me take several enemas , suppositories , magnesium citrate , Miralax

term: diverticulitis
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: diverticulititis
context 1: bladder is fine , no diverticulitis or Chron 's , no
context 2: had my first infection - diverticulitis . This is a major
context 3: . No chrones , no diverticulitis , no cancer , no

term: Audiology
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: audiology
context 1: Dr. Holmes at ENT and Audiology Specialists in Raleigh , NC
context 2: , MD , FACSENT & Audiology Associates , PLLC3820 Ed DriveRaleigh
context 3: Dr. Holmes at ENT & Audiology Specialists in Raleigh , NC

term: Associates
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: associate
context 1: MD , FACSENT & Audiology Associates , PLLC3820 Ed DriveRaleigh ,
context 2: and the ENT Audiology & Associates team . They were unbelievably
context 3: Holmes from ENT Audiology and Associates in Raleigh , NC !

term: medicating
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: medicate
context 1: and since I 've been medicating , I 've noticed I
context 2: . I want to keep medicating this way but do n’t
context 3: with a doctor and consider medicating if needed . Dealing with

term: III
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: iii
context 1: Burpday - Part III
context 2: / surgery and lifelong consequences III . The fix is this
context 3: would have suspected . See III . Please feel free to

term: meatballs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: meatball
context 1: , spaghetti o 's w/ meatballs , and a few french
context 2: mashed potato , frozen IKEA meatballs and gravy ) I 'm
context 3: food ! I tried some meatballs which did get a little

term: Olive
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: olive
context 1: An Italian Rum Punch at Olive Garden - 1/4 bowl of
context 2: bowl of side soup at Olive Garden - 1 & 1/2
context 3: - 1 & 1/2 breadsticks Olive Garden - 1/2 plate of

term: Brief
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: brief
context 1: Brief background . Life long no
context 2: Hi Brief history , never burped since
context 3: little bit of relief . Brief Medical History : November 2022

term: tables
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: table
context 1: while at one of my tables taking their order and asking
context 2: air vomit for the surrounding tables to hear :(
context 3: I ’m normal weight on tables . My doctor says she

term: apologized
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: apologize
context 1: they wanted lmao . I apologized and gave my story and
context 2: , haha ) . I apologized profusely , but my gag
context 3: hiccup / gurgle attack and apologized for the noise 😭 So

term: Opening
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: open
context 1: into a ball . " Opening " my throat and massaging
context 2: to push air out - Opening my mouth as wide as
context 3: Adam ’s apple move ? Opening my throat is the only

term: Flat
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: flat
context 1: Flat ( non- fizzy ) beer
context 2: . My parents called me Flat Stanley growing up . Id
context 3: Flat on your back and maybe

term: draws
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: draw
context 1: august but as the date draws closer i ’m having second
context 2: reaction , but for blood draws I sometimes pass out .
context 3: out twice right after blood draws 😅

term: Oooh
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: oooh
context 1: ‘ Mmm ’ and ‘ Oooh ’ . Do each sound
context 2: Oooh I am pregnant too !
context 3: Oooh let me know how it

term: incapacitating
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: incapacitate
context 1: the pressure , and true incapacitating discomfort is rare as long
context 2: Anxiety incapacitating me of burping ?
context 3: R - CPD symptoms almost incapacitating some days . I ’ve

term: colors
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: color
context 1: the vibe check with flying colors , and we 're just
context 2: . We both do fantasy colors so it 's a whole
context 3: went under , and what colors did you see ? I

term: phenomena
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: phenomenon
context 1: found out about the no-burp phenomena and I was dumbfounded .
context 2: It s not a new phenomena . My condition is not
context 3: interesting to me because these phenomena seem very similar in pathophysiology

term: phrases
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: phrase
context 1: - or even words and phrases ! That ’s been fun
context 2: Bastian I definitely heard these phrases a lot . What are
context 3: while playing and in between phrases . It feels like more

term: advertised
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: advertise
context 1: was all very " as advertised " and between my doctor
context 2: management ( again , as advertised ) , but I feel
context 3: I tried some yogurt ( advertised to contain probiotics ) at

term: jacked
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: jack
context 1: which controls salivary production got jacked up by something I did
context 2: condition where our throat is jacked up 😂
context 3: my throat muscles are all jacked up right now , as

term: munchies
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: munch
context 1: i am constantly having the munchies , which helps with my
context 2: bloated since i had the munchies and was hitting nicotine .
context 3: no too much sugar and munchies . - When did you

term: clips
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: clip
context 1: I ’ve seen clips online of people that have
context 2: I filmed a bunch of clips , got some good burps
context 3: But I have a few clips on my phone for when

term: gasps
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gasp
context 1: I know it . Little gasps that are n’t hiccups ?
context 2: occasionally get woken up by gasps for air or just my
context 3: * loud * hiccup * gasps , and then it stops

term: Tilt
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tilt
context 1: do it :** 1. ** Tilt your head to the side
context 2: , deep breath 3 . Tilt your head forward or do
context 3: , deep breath 3 . Tilt your head forward or do

term: paragraphs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: paragraph
context 1: advance . Will space out paragraphs to make it easier to
context 2: but attempting to speak in paragraphs is a struggle . I
context 3: Scroll down a few paragraphs , its swimming around in

term: Gross
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gross
context 1: true method for myself . Gross , yes , effective ,
context 2: Gross warning - this may be
context 3: Gross disclaimer : After almost 40

term: Whereas
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: whereas
context 1: to let anything out . Whereas this feels like pushing from
context 2: by contracting my diagram . Whereas air usually would come up
context 3: stomach for that stuff ! Whereas with shots of liquor ,

term: Easier
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: easy
context 1: been after being treated ? Easier ? How does the difference
context 2: really no big deal . Easier than going to the dentist
context 3: the payoff is huge . Easier said than done , but

term: oranges
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: orange
context 1: Clementines / oranges
context 2: article that says clementines / oranges relax the lower esophageal sphincter
context 3: food like tomato skin or oranges , which are both FODMAP

term: Nederland
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: nederland
context 1: Zijn hier ook mensen uit Nederland ?
context 2: No burp Nederland
context 3: adres geven in België of Nederland waar men dit kan laten

term: heals
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: heal
context 1: and you will . Time heals all , especially this .
context 2: and that everyone who has heals well and maintains the effects
context 3: the God part .. he heals us , he helps us

term: ACV
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: acv
context 1: does anyone know if ACV helps with symptoms or the
context 2: before . Should I drink ACV to help with stomach bloat
context 3: . I stopped drinking the ACV and take daily probiotics now

term: dressing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: dress
context 1: compression stockings and my own dressing gown and slippers . A
context 2: you go and get a dressing gown belt right now and
context 3: the pills stashed in my dressing gown pocket for midnight run

term: Nights
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: night
context 1: being able to burp . Nights out were frequently ruined ,
context 2: my friends more often . Nights spent drinking beer resulted in
context 3: daily gurgles , wind . Nights out with friends would often

term: fucks
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: fuck
context 1: is . sometimes it really fucks with my mind and I
context 2: drinking , and drinking normally fucks me over cause I bloat
context 3: Hi you poor fucks ! Just posting because this

term: Standing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: stand
context 1: about the bloody gurgles . Standing there with my mouth open
context 2: was wild . 2 . Standing in line at TSA (
context 3: that half air swallow . Standing and walking around can also

term: Surgeons
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: surgeon
context 1: Surgeons in Melbourne Australia
context 2: with Dr. Villari at Proliance Surgeons in Issaquah today . Was
context 3: my ears ! The Proliance Surgeons Facility is also very clean

term: sniffling
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sniffle
context 1: from swallowing excess air / sniffling air when your nose is
context 2: tight / restrictive clothes , sniffling too much during the day
context 3: nose . It seems like sniffling a lot makes it worse

term: Checked
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: check
context 1: Checked in and ready to go
context 2: go after the procedure . Checked into the Best Western in
context 3: at Midwest Surgery Center . Checked in and was taken into

term: logged
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: log
context 1: RCPD ? Update : I logged into MyChart and saw I
context 2: f\*\ *\* it " and logged onto this page to see
context 3: from the hospital but i logged into my insurance website and

term: arrives
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: arrive
context 1: out , when my food arrives I know that I ca
context 2: minutes later , Dr. Schindler arrives and is in a very
context 3: huge relief . It never arrives . Tried all types of

term: hopped
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hopp
context 1: felt brand new . I hopped up and felt so great
context 2: consult with her and then hopped up on the doctor ’s
context 3: the surgy room where I hopped on the table and was

term: lengths
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: length
context 1: does n't get to those lengths because I feel most of
context 2: pains they are always different lengths and different on how bad
context 3: I ’ve gone to great lengths to avoid getting food poisoning

term: Lexington
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: lexington
context 1: me in his office in Lexington , where he stuck what
context 2: at the UK Hospital in Lexington were nothing short of amazing
context 3: Fritz and the staff in Lexington for their care and compassion

term: Radio
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: radio
context 1: BBC Radio 4 highlights this condition and
context 2: and he supports Colorado Public Radio ( heard his name called
context 3: Hey team , The Radio 4 medical podcast Made of

term: Son
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: son
context 1: or tails of this ..? Son has had a barium swallow
context 2: Nancy Pelosi ’s Son Paul Pelosi Jr. Avoids Federal
context 3: for a few years . Son ( aged 9 ) has

term: Fart
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: fart
context 1: WARNING - TOILET HABITS \* Fart smell , this is highly
context 2: get to ... 2 . Fart . Yup , if i
context 3: rampant . Acid reflux . Fart machine . Trouble swallowing .

term: https://chat.whatsapp.com/JQvztTshVNhFVcYmhZnNGE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: https://chat.whatsapp.com/jqvzttshvnhfvcymhznnge
context 1: pinchar en este enlace : https://chat.whatsapp.com/JQvztTshVNhFVcYmhZnNGE
context 2: un grupo de WhatsApp : https://chat.whatsapp.com/JQvztTshVNhFVcYmhZnNGE Mi solución tendrá que ser
context 3: recibireis mucha ayuda . Saludos https://chat.whatsapp.com/JQvztTshVNhFVcYmhZnNGE

term: trickier
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: trick
context 1: swallowing breakfast was a little trickier ; I 'm starting to
context 2: . Yes , swallowing was trickier for a few weeks and
context 3: now that 's a bit trickier . First break it down

term: speeds
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: speed
context 1: to slow down to granny speeds . This kind of resolved
context 2: which repositioning or setting new speeds , relocating , etc ,
context 3: The Botox reacts at different speeds for everyone And the slow

term: invalidated
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: invalidate
context 1: to anyone who has been invalidated / belittled by their doctors
context 2: health because I dread being invalidated again and again ( it
context 3: be but I feel very invalidated . I do n’t think

term: Among
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: among
context 1: Procedure – Tuesday ) ** Among the first words Dr. Bastian
context 2: tool for this condition . Among those who have received treatment
context 3: tool for this condition . Among those who have received treatment

term: Duck
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: duck
context 1: BBQ - favorite ) , Duck Duck Goat ( upscale Chinese
context 2: - favorite ) , Duck Duck Goat ( upscale Chinese )
context 3: If it Looks like a Duck and walks like a Duck

term: Till
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: till
context 1: longer thought of it . Till around 1 - 2 years
context 2: And chew some more . Till it ca n't be chewed
context 3: treatment . Provide papers . Till so far I have provided

term: Korea
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: korea
context 1: back then I travelled from Korea all the way to London
context 2: Finding a doctor in South Korea
context 3: . I ’m from South Korea . I found R -

term: Jacqui
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: jacqui
context 1: Anyone with experience with Dr Jacqui Allen , Auckland , New
context 2: I contacted Dr. Jacqui Allen 's practice today to
context 3: I started off seeing Dr Jacqui Allen in Auckland , NZ

term: disrupted
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: disrupt
context 1: recent years it 's even disrupted intimate life with my husband
context 2: two years but they have disrupted my life a lot .
context 3: . My sleep was so disrupted . It was awful .

term: dilating
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: dilate
context 1: ? ) they ended up dilating my stomach a bit to
context 2: threw me off . Apparently dilating the muscle while injecting Botox
context 3: going conservative right now and dilating my throat sphincter to relieve

term: patches
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: patch
context 1: from all other recommendations ( patches / pills / the funny
context 2: put on an IV and patches on my chest . I
context 3: other triggers has resulted in patches of hair falling out .

term: characterized
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: characterize
context 1: , a recently identified disorder characterized by the inability to belch
context 2: that certainly should n't be characterized as " Experimental " .
context 3: , a recently identified disorder characterized by the inability to belch

term: widened
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: widen
context 1: enlargement ** patulous ** = widened ** proximal esophagus ** =
context 2: the upper esophagus is abnormally widened . ( I 'm guessing
context 3: , my oesophagus had been widened by the air pockets over

term: NICU
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: nicu
context 1: and that baby being in NICU for several months ( home
context 2: tiny premature babies in the NICU ) . Obviously I 'll
context 3: early . Baby stayed in NICU for a long time .

term: Terrible
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: terrible
context 1: feel sick soon after . Terrible nausea , bloating , hypersalivation
context 2: the last 6 months . Terrible . However I have hope
context 3: and I felt horribly . Terrible gurgles , bloating , the

term: mistaking
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mistaking
context 1: but there 's really no mistaking the taste , no matter
context 2: vomited a few times , mistaking normal stomach pains for gas
context 3: am really sensitive and still mistaking nausea for burps . If

term: hammered
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hammer
context 1: once favorite pastime of getting hammered and eating pizza now just
context 2: 2nd step was getting absolutely hammered . I ’m talking 7/8
context 3: course it would get me hammered quite quickly so unsafe in

term: Gurglez
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gurglez
context 1: , and some videos of Gurglez on youtube , and I
context 2: YouTube user Gurglez successfully diagnosed by her doctor
context 3: and came across YouTube user Gurglez , who is another nonburper

term: IPA
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ipa
context 1: personal GODSEND : Guinness Nitro IPA . It tastes GREAT .
context 2: but eventually beer ( strong IPA only ) has helped ,
context 3: . Not a fan of IPA beers I guess ?

term: wandering
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: wonder
context 1: a big suck . Just wandering if anyone else has had
context 2: nausea . I was just wandering if anyone else has noburp
context 3: being healthy but I was wandering how much it affects this

term: Allan
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: allan
context 1: all fellow NZers . Dr Allan Keast offers treatment privately for
context 2: NZ , Christchurch going through Allan Keast and this is only
context 3: same answer . When did Allan let you know that ?

term: invites
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: invite
context 1: teases and continued to accept invites and do my best to
context 2: was reluctant to decline most invites because I knew I was
context 3: at parties leading to declining invites to drink , leading to

term: ingrained
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ingrained
context 1: , it ’s just so ingrained in me to manage my
context 2: this experience is still somehow ingrained in my being , if
context 3: these habits that are so ingrained . I 'm so used

term: wretched
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: wretch
context 1: make myself sick , and wretched , which temporarily shifted the
context 2: puke , but when I wretched an enormous burp came out
context 3: the experience was no long wretched , resulting in a lack

term: Um
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: um
context 1: them ( I say " Um " about 2 bazillion times
context 2: Xifaxan for my sibo . Um , what ??? I 'm
context 3: Um , well this is troubling

term: bled
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ble
context 1: begin the test . I bled everywhere and just wasted money
context 2: into my throat and I bled everywhere , it was awful
context 3: injection spots easily , barely bled , and it was super

term: Print
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: print
context 1: . &#x200B ; TLDR ; Print Dr. Bastian 's article out
context 2: Print [ this ] ( https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X19834553)
context 3: Print out Dr. Bastien 's paper

term: VCD
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: vcd
context 1: R-CPD VCD
context 2: with R - CPD or VCD . Anybody else have this
context 3: for DB and r/vocalcorddysfunction ( VCD ) , in addition to

term: Reference
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: reference
context 1: A , on 24/04/2024 , Reference Number 2024 FULL 19553 .
context 2: A , on 24/04/2024 , Reference Number 2024 FULL 19553 .
context 3: Reference to r-cpd in French skits

term: Olympic
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: olympic
context 1: … was burping like an Olympic champ for 6 months and
context 2: , drinking alcohol becomes an Olympic sport for most . I
context 3: sporting career . Women win Olympic medals on their periods ,

term: outlines
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: outline
context 1: Dr. Bastian 's website which outlines the condition ' Inability to
context 2: get it ? ) that outlines * all * of my
context 3: experience with reflux , which outlines what I did and why

term: Network
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: network
context 1: ( UPMC / Allegheny Health Network ) ?
context 2: did get a " Cigna Network Discount " from the original
context 3: 80 % of the " Network Discounted " cost of $

term: Woah
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: woah
context 1: is a real thing ?? Woah ! I ca n't believe
context 2: Woah . Have you done previous
context 3: Woah a fellow hiker trash follower

term: meters
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: meter
context 1: according to my GPS 1720 meters , which was fine by
context 2: tendency to projectile vomit 1.5 meters . Last vomit I remember
context 3: could be heard from several meters away in a quiet room

term: Bigger
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: big
context 1: an actual small burp . Bigger than a microburp , though
context 2: ways of coming out . Bigger burps can be felt huge
context 3: slow swallow really noticeable . Bigger burps but still having to

term: simplest
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: simple
context 1: ca n't navigate the " simplest " part of it .
context 2: breathing might have been the simplest way that my body found
context 3: my procedure was likely the simplest so I stopped worrying .

term: brushes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: brush
context 1: for months and he continually brushes off my concerns and is
context 2: , and their doctor basically brushes them off and prescribes acid
context 3: yet ( lol ) rarely brushes his teeth . ( He

term: fo
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: of
context 1: ’s related to my inability fo burp since nobody else seems
context 2: be a person writing one fo these posts and there have
context 3: ca n't swallow pills , fo figure ) . It let

term: Supposedly
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: supposedly
context 1: the office at work ? Supposedly , people are saying they
context 2: medical science world yet . Supposedly our gut holds 75 %
context 3: stoma to degas him . Supposedly an obstruction at sigmoid colon

term: drew
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: draw
context 1: too . After this she drew the Botox into the syringe
context 2: Whilst I was paying she drew up the consent forms then
context 3: and bring back . She drew up the dose , put

term: obsessed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: obsessed
context 1: But overall , I 'm obsessed , and I never realized
context 2: relief . I 've been obsessed with burping whenever I can
context 3: , I ’ve become pretty obsessed with trying to get to

term: suited
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: suit
context 1: possibly list some ways best suited to otherwise ease discomfort on
context 2: , which apparently is better suited anatomically for the CP .
context 3: I ’m just not well suited for sports 🤣 , which

term: lubricated
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: lubricate
context 1: throat is * very * lubricated when taking pills that are
context 2: food and keep your throat lubricated . A lot of foods
context 3: there to keep the throat lubricated . No microburps yet .

term: Suggestions
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: suggestion
context 1: else ? Any ideas ? Suggestions ? Experience ?
context 2: why . Any thoughts ? Suggestions ? I have a long
context 3: hurting . Any tips ? Suggestions ? Experiences to share from

term: compelled
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: compel
context 1: felt so bad that it compelled me to make this post
context 2: drastic change that I felt compelled to research burping , which
context 3: the gurgles , I felt compelled to look up what on

term: Visiting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: visit
context 1: at all . PLEASE LMK Visiting a clinic in 4 days
context 2: ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/eiz7jn/just_released_the_full_documentary_of_my/) . * Visiting a doctor who does not
context 3: ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/noburp/comments/eiz7jn/just_released_the_full_documentary_of_my/) . * Visiting a doctor who does not

term: Ryan
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ryan
context 1: am planning to try Lee Ryan ’s neck exercises for a
context 2: botox February 16th with Dr. Ryan Mecham at Tanner Clinic Layton
context 3: for me . But Lee Ryan has uploaded proof he can

term: Throatox
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: throatox
context 1: for a referral to get Throatox within network with a link
context 2: I had the " Throatox " back in December .
context 3: Botox while having the " Throatox " active ? I was

term: enduring
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: endure
context 1: and not living but barely enduring , I was very very
context 2: perhaps accidentally vomit than keep enduring this crap a single minute
context 3: that the Botox is worth enduring the triggers . I believe

term: correlating
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: correlate
context 1: now realize I was mostly correlating improvements to the foods that
context 2: key information and statistics and correlating them to my symptoms and
context 3: here with how you 're correlating different symptoms you 're having

term: liquors
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: liquor
context 1: do it , some hard liquors , but it ’s mainly
context 2: it . Probably some hard liquors would also work but I
context 3: feel terrible . Stick to liquors and wine without carbonated mixers

term: peeps
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: peep
context 1: Good luck to my TXs peeps ( and DFW is a
context 2: Hello peeps ! I have throat gurgles
context 3: the operation . Thank you peeps !

term: hugs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hug
context 1: this condition . Sending y'all hugs because this made me feel
context 2: me know or like send hugs or pictures of your pets
context 3: fun at all . Big hugs !

term: classmates
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: classmate
context 1: ’m almost begging my fellow classmates to try the procedure on
context 2: school and of course new classmates . I experienced the same
context 3: time . I remember my classmates in elementary school trying to

term: poisoned
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: poison
context 1: seasick , maybe I was poisoned and I am dying ...
context 2: in case I get dangerously poisoned I would n’t be able
context 3: feel like l 've been poisoned honestly . I felt perfectly

term: Giuseppe
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: giuseppe
context 1: wonderful Italian doctor , Professor Giuseppe Cosentino . Prof Cosentino has
context 2: botox was done . Professor Giuseppe Cosentino and the whole team
context 3: it was completely tolerable . Giuseppe Cosentino also said that he

term: ot
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: to
context 1: trying to eat mostly soft ot liquid ) but I 'm
context 2: recently when it became one ot my problems . Anyways ,
context 3: baby , with a lot ot hiccups crisis , which are

term: toys
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: toy
context 1: " grunting pig " dog toys . I ’m glad I
context 2: on the blow up beach toys or the air inlet /
context 3: to pick up my kids toys and I threw up without

term: Lunch
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: lunch
context 1: , which was perfect . Lunch a few hours later was
context 2: out of breath today ! Lunch and dinner were still mushy
context 3: over it instead [ ] Lunch - progresso roasted chicken noodle

term: bends
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: bend
context 1: and every time my mom bends down to grab something off
context 2: of the way my neck bends . Conversely , it seems
context 3: of the way my neck bends . It 's amazing how

term: shrunk
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: shrink
context 1: amount I could eat had shrunk by about 60 % !
context 2: and I swear my gut shrunk by half . That was
context 3: air vomitting , my stomach shrunk pretty radically because my stomach

term: equipped
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: equip
context 1: current treatment protocols are n’t equipped to help patients with this
context 2: now feel so much better equipped to speak to the doctor
context 3: is regular doctors seem better equipped to taking that seriously .

term: phones
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: phone
context 1: working on some people 's phones . For clarity , details
context 2: work from home on the phones so I wonder if the
context 3: the car , holding our phones up , etc , etc

term: Elavil
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: elavil
context 1: most recently saw posts about Elavil , but are there other
context 2: away since I started taking Elavil to treat my anxiety ,
context 3: definitely be asking them about Elavil

term: aiding
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: aid
context 1: was definite because the muscle aiding in swallowing was just immobilized
context 2: ! I have also started aiding with Shaker exercises . I
context 3: DreamsOfCleanTeeth mentioned the Botox maybe aiding in relaxing it even more

term: WHEN
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: when
context 1: at least able to tell WHEN I had to burp ,
context 2: I 'm not really choosing WHEN the burps happen * Apparantly
context 3: able to determine the moment WHEN we would burp ( even

term: pandas
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: panda
context 1: ’s also been diagnosed with pandas ( if you do n’t
context 2: out if this is a pandas ocd symptom or emet .
context 3: . I do n't know pandas but just looked it up

term: components
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: component
context 1: hypothesize that there are two components to curing R - CPD
context 2: allergic to one of the components / ingredients of the medication
context 3: cause — any other mental components were simply a byproduct of

term: Davis
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: davis
context 1: Dr. Peter Belafsky at UC Davis Health * Dr. Yoosun Yang
context 2: made a referral to UC Davis but the doctor there is
context 3: Jennifer Stein - UC Davis

term: associations
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: association
context 1: and the condition 's potential associations with anxiety . >** Disclaimer
context 2: to look at correlations , associations , regressions , etc .
context 3: I ’m learning and the associations that are now becoming clear

term: stung
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: st
context 1: the back of my throat stung when I drank alcohol ,
context 2: after Botox , drinking soda stung my nose for the first
context 3: windpipe lol . The injection stung a little bit but it

term: dissolved
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: dissolve
context 1: most of the Botox has dissolved now so the reflux is
context 2: reset after the botox has dissolved . It has been truly
context 3: Right before I drink the dissolved alka seltzer I stop and

term: danlos
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: danlo
context 1: cpd on here having elhers danlos and I have now had
context 2: with acid reflux , ehlers danlos syndrome and emetophobic . -
context 3: also emetophobic and have ehlers danlos syndrome if that ’s any

term: notified
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: notify
context 1: upon arrival but was not notified of any other expense .
context 2: just heard . The receptionist notified me that there will be
context 3: nauseous from the anesthesia , notified the nurse and they gave

term: Yogurt
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: yogurt
context 1: the To Go breakfast ( Yogurt , Hash browns , Scrambled
context 2: possible , just slower . Yogurt / thick smoothies were a
context 3: . I found that Greek Yogurt has been helping . And

term: Baton
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: baton
context 1: of any in Shreveport or Baton Rouge areas ?
context 2: with Dr Lacey Adkins in Baton Rouge ?
context 3: I ’m in Louisiana , Baton Rouge specifically . I looked

term: Rouge
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: rouge
context 1: any in Shreveport or Baton Rouge areas ?
context 2: Dr Lacey Adkins in Baton Rouge ?
context 3: ’m in Louisiana , Baton Rouge specifically . I looked but

term: legumes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: legume
context 1: that involves a lot of legumes ) . After perusing the
context 2: , bell peppers ) , legumes ( beans and pulses )
context 3: have meat with veggies or legumes . I tend to use

term: heaviest
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: heavy
context 1: core . I lifted the heaviest dumbbells I possible could for
context 2: was on the first , heaviest day of my period (
context 3: . I 'm at the heaviest weight I 've been in

term: Por
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: por
context 1: dado en la tecla . Por eso es que me preguntó
context 2: suerte de tu lado ! Por ahí he visto en otros
context 3: nuestra parte del mundo . Por mi parte estoy en las

term: starches
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: starche
context 1: as Lactaid , but for starches . basically it help prevent
context 2: gluten and certain types of starches . Ever since I cut
context 3: intolerances to gluten and some starches . Consider testing for celiac

term: Seltzer
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: seltzer
context 1: Alka - Seltzer for hangover relief destroyed me
context 2: - he often takes Alka Seltzer to “ calm it down
context 3: , aspirin free Alka - Seltzer , nothing is helping .

term: lends
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: lend
context 1: when hiking , which also lends itself to the theory of
context 2: that changed your perspective or lends itself to other advice you
context 3: and is a muscle relaxant lends a bit of credence IMO

term: PHP
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: php
context 1: The original prices are in PHP ( philippine pesos ) but
context 2: his team fees : 36000 PHP ( \ ~ 650 USD
context 3: ) . Botox : 18500 PHP ( \ ~335 USD )

term: normies
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: normy
context 1: 've been speaking to some normies and I never knew this
context 2: into working differently to “ normies ” ? Any advice ??
context 3: if this is correct for normies but when i feel air

term: translated
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: translate
context 1: the regular , has that translated into normal burping over time
context 2: appointment and doctor Snelleman ( translated in to quick man :p
context 3: even seem to have a translated name yet , but perhaps

term: attacked
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: attack
context 1: found that my body had attacked my spleen so it became
context 2: setting without my throat feeling attacked and wanting to throw up
context 3: botulinum toxin ) can get attacked and rendered useless . Consult

term: HE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: he
context 1: . And guess what ............... HE LISTENED TO ME !!!!!!!!!!!!! He
context 2: AWARE OF THIS TREATMENT AND HE HAS LARYNX CLINIC WHERE HE
context 3: HE HAS LARYNX CLINIC WHERE HE GIVES TREATMENT SO THE PEOPLE

term: Après
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: après
context 1: dois encore roter … … Après un repas je bataille pendant
context 2: Bonjour , Après des années de souffrance je
context 3: difficile de manger solide . Après 1 semaine ça s'améliore mais

term: Ça
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ça
context 1: très contente du résultat !!!!! Ça ne peut que s’améliorer !
context 2: Hello , Ça fait une semaine que j’ai
context 3: beaucoup pour ton retour . Ça me rassure car je vais

term: daughters
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: daughter
context 1: My daughters journey
context 2: horrendous normally but with my daughters pregnancy it was magnified (
context 3: I hear him or my daughters burp … and indeed ,

term: Egypt
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: egypt
context 1: I ’m on holiday in Egypt and I have been getting
context 2: Has anyone traveled to Egypt or Israel to get the
context 3: Got my bottox injection in Egypt today !

term: Xifaxan
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: xifaxan
context 1: the entire period of taking Xifaxan and the diet , I
context 2: well . It was called Xifaxan ( Rifaximin ) . Took
context 3: to my cycle ) , Xifaxan ( helped a lot with

term: Salem
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: salem
context 1: the Botox treatment soon in Salem , OR ! Nervous but
context 2: ! For anyone in the Salem or surrounding areas please be
context 3: Dr. Lyndsay Madden in Winston Salem . I finally found a

term: fermenting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ferment
context 1: right ! It was just fermenting ( blegh ) because i
context 2: since the food is stuck fermenting partially digested . My RCPD
context 3: I ate food just sat fermenting in my stomach for hours

term: Ann
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ann
context 1: who works out of UoM Ann Arbor . Said Dr. Chey
context 2: , what you mean ? Ann is nicknamed panther when they
context 3: the RCPD map . Robbi Ann Kupfer at University of Michigan

term: sells
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sell
context 1: is a businessman and he sells Industrial petrolium solvents / chemicals
context 2: Found a new pub that sells flat cider and it ’s
context 3: do n't know if it sells to your location , I

term: Ofc
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ofc
context 1: you know , head . Ofc it ’s still going to
context 2: , but huge percentages . Ofc still got ta be careful
context 3: get some relief ) , Ofc now I know not to

term: browsed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: browse
context 1: a little hope as I browsed the posts . Which brings
context 2: forehead on my desk and browsed reddit on my phone with
context 3: life tremendously . After I browsed the sub for a bit

term: squishing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: squish
context 1: it stops my stomach from squishing air upwards . I can
context 2: a bigger angle stops the squishing . Thanks for reading and
context 3: full of air then is squishing me about ! anyone else

term: Diarrhea
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: diarrhea
context 1: to burp link with frequent Diarrhea or is that another problem
context 2: . I deal with mainly Diarrhea and sometimes constipation . Do
context 3: 's definitely way less now Diarrhea became a big trouble for

term: Winston
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: winston
context 1: is a place in both Winston and Charlotte that are offering
context 2: see Dr. Lyndsay Madden in Winston Salem . I finally found
context 3: was Dr. Lindsay Madden in Winston Salem , NC . It

term: peaks
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: peak
context 1: comes naturally when the botox peaks or should I still play
context 2: read things about how it peaks about a week or so
context 3: long hikes up to mountain peaks during the time that I

term: miracles
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: miracle
context 1: . One thing that works miracles ( rly the only thing
context 2: and it does n't work miracles . Since I 've never
context 3: sure it does n't work miracles for everyone but it 's

term: FINE
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: fine
context 1: your life ( and being FINE ! ) and then getting
context 2: DONT BE SCARED YOULL BE FINE
context 3: 'm emetophobic and I was FINE . At most it feels

term: Reducing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: reduce
context 1: see how you respond . Reducing anxiety and tension helps too
context 2: helped with that symptom ? Reducing anxiety is not the cure
context 3: trapped air . * ** Reducing Inflammation ** : It s

term: Mendelsohn
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mendelsohn
context 1: The Mendelsohn Maneuver / Manoeuvre , has
context 2: [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFTk2xZD2Bg&t=4s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFTk2xZD2Bg&t=4s) He mentions the Mendelsohn Maneuver / Manoeuvre . Has
context 3: , swallowing methods , , Mendelsohn , air vomiting , massage

term: Maneuver
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: maneuver
context 1: The Mendelsohn Maneuver / Manoeuvre , has anyone
context 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFTk2xZD2Bg&t=4s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFTk2xZD2Bg&t=4s) He mentions the Mendelsohn Maneuver / Manoeuvre . Has anyone
context 3: adventurous , give the Mendelsohn Maneuver a try – I think

term: consisting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: consist
context 1: the small intestine etc , consisting of gastric juices and partly
context 2: be giving me a treatment consisting of PPIs and other medication
context 3: the small intestine etc , consisting of gastric juices and partly

term: Spit
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: spit
context 1: to air in stomach . Spit in your hand and you
context 2: Eat and drink slowwww . Spit out saliva if you need
context 3: to air in stomach . Spit in your hand and you

term: absorbs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: absorb
context 1: the space . As colon absorbs water from stool , the
context 2: swallowing capacity , food that absorbs saliva ( looking at you
context 3: the space . As colon absorbs water from stool , the

term: sorting
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sorting
context 1: the worst . need this sorting asap as I ’m sick
context 2: this , I 'm just sorting of hoping some people who
context 3: Currently in the uk and sorting out my botox . For

term: vomiters
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: vomiter
context 1: the UES looser in air vomiters ? Are air vomiters ultimately
context 2: air vomiters ? Are air vomiters ultimately able to burp down
context 3: to burp down whereas non-air vomiters NEED botox to be able

term: Edinburgh
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: edinburgh
context 1: get the train back to Edinburgh so they let us leave
context 2: to an ENT Specialist in Edinburgh who did n't know much
context 3: There is someone in Edinburgh , and Bristol doing adults

term: clubbing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: clubbing
context 1: experience when I go out clubbing : [ previous post ]
context 2: happening was when I went clubbing in February . Drank alcohol
context 3: ) when I go out clubbing . [ Link here .

term: absorbing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: absorb
context 1: as if my body is absorbing everything I put into it
context 2: and I ’m metabolizing and absorbing the med way faster .
context 3: any articles on the intestines absorbing air thing ? Id love

term: eardrums
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: eardrum
context 1: ear pressure , like my eardrums expand outwards for a second
context 2: 'm healing well ( my eardrums and eustachian tubes are still
context 3: both my eardrums are sucked in causing negative

term: screams
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: scream
context 1: tried GasX ? " ( screams ) . I live in
context 2: pain . Sweats profusely and screams until we can manage to
context 3: red racing heart and he screams until he can bring up

term: taxes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tax
context 1: , and I did my taxes today and it was dead
context 2: m guessing here : It taxes your entire digestive system to
context 3: a month for things like taxes , insurance forms , quality

term: landing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: landing
context 1: feature ( top of the landing page ) super useful for
context 2: they eat and drink is landing on a ' pillow of
context 3: jog around my house but landing hard on my heels to

term: Actual
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: actual
context 1: is a miserable situation - Actual fear of throwing up (
context 2: absolutely worst ones ever . Actual bit of liquid , burned
context 3: already had acid reflux . Actual vomiting right after Botox is

term: rose
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: rise
context 1: And as the gas bubble rose up my throat I would
context 2: tight . As a bubble rose up , I waited for
context 3: ” some stomach juices also rose and tore apart my esophagus

term: Panic
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: panic
context 1: Heart Palpitations - Anxiety / Panic Attack - Dizziness - Shortness
context 2: related to this . ( Panic attacks after eating because of
context 3: back with a vengeance . Panic attacks every day , loss

term: happiest
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: happy
context 1: update of my treatment - happiest I ’ve ever been !
context 2: just wanted to share my happiest moment of my life so
context 3: yawning ! I am the happiest person alive . My very

term: filing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: file
context 1: times appeared to actively delay filing my appeal , but some
context 2: could still be possible by filing a claim with additional information
context 3: anesthesia guy did end up filing it anyway but the cost

term: selected
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: select
context 1: confirm which IRO they 've selected , and follow - up
context 2: this , I ’ve been selected to participate in a study
context 3: purposes of contacting you if selected for this prize . If

term: elected
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: elect
context 1: second point , I actually elected to have Dr. Bastian 's
context 2: the OR . So I elected to drive 6 hours to
context 3: with more mild symptoms that elected for / against the procedure

term: Dealing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: deal
context 1: consider medicating if needed . Dealing with it quickly is a
context 2: Dealing with this right now and
context 3: hear that others understand . Dealing with this condition , mixed

term: compares
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: compare
context 1: * ” ( tldr ; compares operating room vs. in -
context 2: — is interesting because it compares using botox vs myotomy in
context 3: , not sure how that compares with USD . I was

term: Tuesdays
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tuesdays
context 1: Hospital in Croydon on alternate Tuesdays in the afternoons only starting
context 2: ’ll look into it if Tuesdays appointment does n’t go well
context 3: does his first appointments on Tuesdays ( scope and verifying no

term: knowledgable
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: knowledgeable
context 1: ’s because GPs are n’t knowledgable on the rarer stuff like
context 2: Dr. Hoesli . She was knowledgable , personable - all good
context 3: they will at least be knowledgable about what you ( we

term: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X19834553
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974x19834553
context 1: can be seen here : https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X19834553 Worth reading over and even
context 2: yeah of course !! https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X19834553 this article is quite lengthy
context 3: issues experienced by the elderly https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2473974X19834553

term: Heck
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: heck
context 1: whatever I feel like . Heck , while typing all this
context 2: randomly throughout the day . Heck , I ’ll wake up
context 3: be cured this time ! Heck , I ’m burping as

term: Bravo
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: bravo
context 1: did an EGD with a Bravo implant ( partial relief )
context 2: a clean EGD and unremarkable Bravo PH many years back .
context 3: she was referring to a Bravo pH study . Those are

term: Mods
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mod
context 1: Mods — possible to get a
context 2: take . ** Call for Mods ** I 'd encourage anyone
context 3: questions regarding the call for Mods . To get ahead of

term: quantified
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: quantify
context 1: is unbelievable and not easily quantified or expressed . I 'm
context 2: . Stress can not be quantified . That means it can
context 3: . Stress can not be quantified , hence measured , hence

term: begged
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: begg
context 1: notice in , so I begged for my job back .
context 2: disappointing , so I had begged the ENT here to give
context 3: seriously . I have practically begged my doctors to refer me

term: Vyvanse
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: vyvanse
context 1: I have taken Vyvanse , Focalin , and Ritalin
context 2: my doctor had me on Vyvanse , but during the shortage
context 3: And while I do take Vyvanse , which I think can

term: tremors
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tremor
context 1: to cry , fear , tremors , sweating and a feeling
context 2: had Botox for vocal cord tremors ? Thanks all !
context 3: for me , but no tremors or hiccups .

term: consented
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: consent
context 1: avoid a second surgery and consented to likely dealing with more
context 2: walked through the paperwork and consented , Dr Hicklin reconstituted the
context 3: was quite unpleasant but I consented to a study here in

term: Gourmet
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gourmet
context 1: my GI recommended “ Reflux Gourmet ” to help treat the
context 2: . My doctor recommended Reflux Gourmet ( on amazon ) and
context 3: on Omeprazole and taking Reflux Gourmet since my EGD so I

term: Rare
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: rare
context 1: Rare microbumps , pregnancy helped
context 2: help at all . ** Rare cases of heartburn : **
context 3: . 😭 But this seems Rare !!! Do n't worry !!

term: degas
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: dega
context 1: son got a stoma to degas him . Supposedly an obstruction
context 2: olly . I ’ve used degas a lot before eating or
context 3: the rcpd relief i use degas before drinking anything carbonated and

term: Exercising
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: exercise
context 1: ca n't take it . Exercising , like running , it
context 2: to get in shape . Exercising at the gym few times
context 3: with heartburn and reflux . Exercising is certainly possible , it

term: credentials
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: credential
context 1: my reddit log - in credentials and made a new account
context 2: fully , maybe a doctors credentials will help them take me
context 3: doctor to me with full credentials listed in this community .

term: Nerva
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: nerva
context 1: Nerva hypnotherapy app - some improvement
context 2: noburp symptoms after doing the Nerva program - basically , it
context 3: but I do feel that Nerva also helped a bit with

term: Endoscopic
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: endoscopic
context 1: I 'm aware ) - Endoscopic Manometry Test ( nothing remarkable
context 2: Endoscopic laser cricopharyngeus myotomy
context 3: Dr Madden . Fiber optic Endoscopic Eval of Swallowing . Just

term: cravings
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: craving
context 1: sucks when I get my cravings . Feeling like I *
context 2: over eat due to constant cravings . With the Botox and
context 3: , which helps me from cravings between meals a lot .

term: rebates
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: rebate
context 1: the procedure , including Medicare rebates , if I can .
context 2: 220 consult fee after Medicare rebates . Edit : Not including
context 3: from your GP for Medicare rebates . I did n't have

term: UDS
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: uds
context 1: 7 , 2020 ( 75 UDS ) I was able to
context 2: 30 , 2020 ( 75 UDS ) I was able to
context 3: 29 , 2021 ( 150 UDS ) . I was able

term: Rx
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: rx
context 1: ENT has given me an Rx for some sort of "
context 2: not a diagnosis ( the Rx migraine meds did not help
context 3: 've been off the adhd Rx for about a month and

term: simptoms
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: simptom
context 1: help with simptoms
context 2: I have all the others simptoms like a lot of farts
context 3: ’m having the exact same simptoms of the person who made

term: viruses
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: viruse
context 1: might introduce ** bacteria / viruses ** in your throat .
context 2: I had introduced bacteria / viruses with my fingers but it
context 3: makes colds and other respiratory viruses so much more uncomfortable and

term: approving
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: approve
context 1: . Having difficulties with insurance approving the procedure , so I
context 2: frustrating about the insurance not approving your procedure yet . sending
context 3: testing for Acid Reflux before approving the botox because so many

term: pierced
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pierce
context 1: thinking about getting my tongue pierced either before or after the
context 2: register that a needle had pierced my skin , it was
context 3: known who had their septum pierced said they barely felt anything

term: Barotrauma
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: barotrauma
context 1: Barotrauma
context 2: come across this term ‘ Barotrauma ’ . Barotrauma is pressure
context 3: term ‘ Barotrauma ’ . Barotrauma is pressure - induced injury

term: Volvulus
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: volvulus
context 1: case organ twisting ( a Volvulus ) . I have just
context 2: his colon twisted ( a Volvulus ) as a result of
context 3: was the likely cause of Volvulus ... BUT also claim the

term: Naso
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: naso
context 1: was suppose to have his Naso Gastric Tube left open to
context 2: release pressure they opened his Naso Gastric tube .
context 3: , ask Dr for a Naso Gastric tube to be inserted

term: suburbs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: suburb
context 1: I live in the southwest suburbs of Chicago . I ’m
context 2: Broomfield , Colorado ( Denver suburbs ) , since he was
context 3: Bastian is in the Chicago suburbs , and if you ’re

term: replacing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: replace
context 1: and how can I start replacing the gurgles for burping .
context 2: week by just focusing on replacing while gurgles are coming .
context 3: avoiding the incorrect response and replacing it with the correct one

term: uploading
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: upload
context 1: permission which I ’ll be uploading to YouTube and tiktok to
context 2: made a post along with uploading a video demonstrating how I
context 3: odd . I 'd suggest uploading it to youtube or something

term: Kelowna
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: kelowna
context 1: ? Surrey ? Langley ? Kelowna ? Kamloops ? Vernon ?
context 2: also asked some doctors in Kelowna and they told me that
context 3: in to see someone in Kelowna or whatever . I emailed

term: scratches
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: scratch
context 1: chewing properly and it 's scratches your throat / feels spikey
context 2: felt like it had actual scratches on it ( which it
context 3: [ https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/327086](https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/327086) And this barely scratches the surface of yoga poses

term: Montana
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: montana
context 1: in Idaho , Washington or Montana ?
context 2: tough part is living in Montana . Although I 'm willing
context 3: it done in Bozeman , Montana , and she only used

term: Ouch
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ouch
context 1: had to wear CORSETS ?? Ouch
context 2: Ouch , I ’m sorry you
context 3: Ouch it was more expensive in

term: warmer
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: warm
context 1: waited until the weather was warmer because it 's pretty uncomfortable
context 2: out when the weather gets warmer .
context 3: which increases mucus ) and warmer stuff rather than cold drinks

term: Carl
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: carl
context 1: appointments the supervising doctor ( Carl Van Laer ) was cooperative
context 2: Sure . Dr. Peter Carl Baxter . I ’ll keep
context 3: add him : Dr Peter Carl Baxter , Kaiser LA Medical

term: completly
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: completely
context 1: for 26 years now had completly disappeared so it you are
context 2: time to make your body completly balanced . My osteopath told
context 3: burp and every time I completly freak out and scream .

term: shrinking
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: shrink
context 1: I ’m literally shrinking
context 2: could literally see my gut shrinking ( I ’m a small
context 3: feels like my clothes are shrinking by the hour until I

term: Professional
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: professional
context 1: I ’m not a Medical Professional , and this is not
context 2: ( Obviously not a Medical Professional , just my thought )
context 3: he called himself the Belch Professional . I watched a lot

term: Shaha
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: shaha
context 1: the Botox surgery with Doctor Shaha ( northern California Kaiser doctor
context 2: being Referred to Dr. Manish Shaha at Walnut Creek Kaiser .
context 3: to this guy ( Dr. Shaha ) , then basically I

term: enables
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: enable
context 1: ability , but basically it enables me to just kind of
context 2: probably butchering this ) that enables them to inject directly into
context 3: ca n't burp , which enables them to . We fart

term: corsets
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: corset
context 1: , being SUFFOCATED in their corsets . How do you pray
context 2: in the olden days wearing corsets and how it warped their
context 3: up in garb with my corsets , and now it feels

term: fired
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: fire
context 1: past year , getting me fired from many jobs . I
context 2: up and I 've been fired from a few jobs due
context 3: close ! I ’m super fired up for you . I

term: psoas
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: psoa
context 1: Muscular connections -- psoas , diaphragm , pelvic floor
context 2: I thought it was the psoas or QL , a core
context 3: and the fact that the psoas has direct links to the

term: RN
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: rn
context 1: ( my stepmom is a RN , is this something she
context 2: RN here ! Super common after
context 3: . My wife is an RN and is keeping an eye

term: pickles
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pickle
context 1: eating fermented products such as pickles for a healthier gut ,
context 2: , I would live of pickles and add vinegar to everything
context 3: I had a burger with pickles on it and fizzy water

term: propping
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: prop
context 1: taking magnesium at night , propping myself up when sleeping ,
context 2: wedge pillow because I ’m propping myself up with normal pillows
context 3: ; if the reflux , propping yourself up or using a

term: gastros
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gastro
context 1: I 've been to several gastros , the last time in
context 2: I ’d always dealt with gastros previously and they had been
context 3: letter from Dr. Bastian to gastros - I can say without

term: Journal
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: journal
context 1: in September 2022 The American Journal of Gastroenterology …! Great to
context 2: publication in the Swedish Medical Journal . In the manuscript ,
context 3: : The Official Open Access Journal of the American Academy of

term: drifted
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: drift
context 1: went completely white as I drifted off . This second time
context 2: side , I had just drifted off to sleep for maybe
context 3: I 've always drifted back to very slightly chubby

term: sympathies
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sympathy
context 1: getting any actual answers or sympathies from the 20 + doctors
context 2: ! Simultaneous high five and sympathies to you ! :)
context 3: . You have my deepest sympathies , it really , really

term: Behandlung
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: behandlung
context 1: einem Spezialisten ? Wurde die Behandlung von der Krankenkasse übernommen /
context 2: Ich hatte im November meine Behandlung in Hamburg und könnte nicht
context 3: habe schon Monate vor meiner Behandlung in Hamburg einen Antrag auf

term: Mention
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mention
context 1: !! ) ( Vomit ?? Mention ) Recently I made a
context 2: progress of the research . Mention that many people are getting
context 3: a full thyroid screening . Mention family history of thyroid problems

term: avocados
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: avocado
context 1: a hard time with is avocados . They seem to stick
context 2: . Then … Eggs , avocados , smoked salmon , yoghurts
context 3: me wan na vomit like avocados or durian . And eat

term: ships
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ship
context 1: ? Their official website only ships in US :(
context 2: be ridiculous . Like a ships fog horn . After which
context 3: omg ! like ships passing through the night !

term: V
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: v
context 1: . I have seen Dr. V at BSW , Dallas and
context 2: needed another round . Dr. V did n’t concentrate the Botox
context 3: amount of Botox that Dr. V did , the only difference

term: graded
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: grade
context 1: , and I pushed through graded exposure therapy to open my
context 2: in general , I recommend graded exposure therapy , if you
context 3: might be worth looking into graded exposure therapy first - if

term: Manuel
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: manuel
context 1: I just attended with Dr. Manuel Gil , he is a
context 2: I just attended with Dr. Manuel Gil a month ago ,
context 3: , I went with Dr. Manuel Gil , he is a

term: Gil
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gil
context 1: just attended with Dr. Manuel Gil , he is a Laryngologist
context 2: just attended with Dr. Manuel Gil a month ago , he
context 3: I went with Dr. Manuel Gil , he is a Laryngologist

term: México
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: méxico
context 1: a Laryngologist , in Monterrey México and he did a fellowship
context 2: this type of procedure in México ( at least I did
context 3: is a Laryngologist in Monterrey México and I had a great

term: Hardly
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hardly
context 1: really work for me . Hardly any luck the first two
context 2: it was ? Communication ? Hardly sounds like bullying , more
context 3: YES , worth it . Hardly anyone regrets it , it

term: MIL
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mil
context 1: ( 16 ) . My MIL also can not burp ,
context 2: burping the baby , my MIL tells her that I ca
context 3: cue normal disbelief . My MIL sends a link in our

term: Mehiläinen
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mehiläinen
context 1: for Terveystalo and I think Mehiläinen , I would recommend going
context 2: reception at Terveystalo ( and Mehiläinen I think ? ) .
context 3: private reception at Terveystalo and Mehiläinen which would be my recommendation

term: Hoe
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hoe
context 1: 2 jaar verder inmiddels ! Hoe gaat het nu met je
context 2: Hoe is de tweede bij jou
context 3: net botox hebt gehad ! Hoe snel ging het bij jou

term: smarter
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: smart
context 1: us so we can be smarter together by sharing our experiences
context 2: like your child self was smarter than me then 😂 early
context 3: wondering if the body is smarter than that and is doing

term: negotiated
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: negotiate
context 1: I 've seen that was negotiated with my insurance was $
context 2: the scope because I actually negotiated my way out of getting
context 3: . Your insurance probably has negotiated rates that bring that down

term: DGL
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: dgl
context 1: I would chew on a DGL tablet and keep it in
context 2: I would chew on a DGL tablet and that really helped
context 3: I would chew on a DGL tablet and that helped a

term: Heat
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: heat
context 1: take some pain killers . Heat really does help .
context 2: breathing - Abdominal massages - Heat therapy - Proper hydration and
context 3: : [ https://youtu.be/9BBLD-IglJU?si=9ROonrXsLHDkGkxl&t=713](https://youtu.be/9BBLD-IglJU?si=9ROonrXsLHDkGkxl&t=713) ** Abdominal Heat Therapy and Self - Massage

term: Hmmmm
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hmmmm
context 1: in - office procedure . Hmmmm ....
context 2: Hmmmm . I ’ve always been
context 3: Hmmmm . Maybe the cold just

term: Enzymes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: enzyme
context 1: Supplements : Digestive Enzymes - I take with a
context 2: brand that says " Digestive Enzymes Formula : Probiotics + prebiotics
context 3: . Full title is Loomis Enzymes : DGST . I got

term: HMOs
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: hmo
context 1: this is why people hate HMOs .
context 2: specialists , but generally speaking HMOs require referrals whereas PPOs do
context 3: how urgent care works on HMOs but you could potentially go

term: CVS
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: cvs
context 1: actually got tested at a CVS in Springfield , IL .
context 2: buy it at any local CVS .. is this something i
context 3: , pharmacy , target , CVS , etc

term: moins
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: moin
context 1: si les rots so nt moins fréquents qu’au début !
context 2: sans anesthésie . Cela dure moins de 10 min et n’est
context 3: toute la procédure a duré moins d'une minute .

term: Truth
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: truth
context 1: to burp as well . Truth it , I was already
context 2: out into my esophagus . Truth ? I ’m 66 and
context 3: I would consider doing . Truth be told , I believe

term: Mental
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mental
context 1: so full of air . Mental health struggles because of the
context 2: mental and physical benefits . Mental health itself also seems to
context 3: first few burps . * Mental states can surely cause physical

term: Set
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: set
context 1: ! I appreciate it . Set some reminders if needed and
context 2: with apples as well . Set a realistic goal for yourself
context 3: is worth the effort . Set a reminder on your phone

term: Conversely
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: conversely
context 1: way my neck bends . Conversely , it seems a bit
context 2: contribute to the bloating . Conversely , bloating from trapped air
context 3: can also cause bloating . Conversely , bloating from other causes

term: Vanderbilt
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: vanderbilt
context 1: The last GI specialist from Vanderbilt refused to do any tests
context 2: go see a specialist at Vanderbilt to discuss it . My
context 3: I have to go to Vanderbilt to figure out what 's

term: sighing
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: sigh
context 1: , as in you 're sighing out loud through your mouth
context 2: ! It 's called ' sighing dyspnoea ' . I often
context 3: symptom I have is ' sighing dyspnoea ' . My dyspnoea

term: supplemented
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: supplement
context 1: first , and then “ supplemented ” with real food I
context 2: Yes , I ’ve supplemented both of those under doctor
context 3: its peak ) . I supplemented my routine with more walking

term: Consuming
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: consume
context 1: seldom drank at all . Consuming too much of anything will
context 2: Drinking carbonated beverages 5 . Consuming caffeine and stimulants can make
context 3: lot of food |112 | Consuming alcoholic drinks |105 | Consuming

term: adjusts
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: adjust
context 1: and inconsistent while your body adjusts to the changes .
context 2: time you are out and adjusts if needed , but you
context 3: , but once your nose adjusts to it , it does

term: Grab
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: grab
context 1: can work on timing . Grab a case of beer or
context 2: wife 's vanity room . Grab tweezers and start plucking some
context 3: fear of throwing up . Grab something fizzy , sit in

term: Dat
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: dat
context 1: Meen je ! Dat is echt heel erg balen
context 2: JUNI kan worden geholpen !!!!! Dat is toch niet normaal ??
context 3: dat gewoon spontaan gebeurd . Dat had ik vorige keer helemaal

term: Gadepalli
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: gadepalli
context 1: in Doncaster , and Dr Gadepalli at Salford Royal . You
context 2: known NHS specialists ( Mr Gadepalli in Salford , or Mr
context 3: - CPD before : Dr Gadepalli . [ Here 's the

term: switches
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: switch
context 1: it ’s like a flip switches and it just gets bad
context 2: the first case the body switches from carbohydrate burning to ketones
context 3: so ) : your body switches to survival mode and conserves

term: alarmed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: alarmed
context 1: , so I was not alarmed . I ’m taking it
context 2: so do n't be too alarmed . But after he injected
context 3: too . Do n't be alarmed if the first few weeks

term: Ze
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ze
context 1: is toch niet normaal ?? Ze ging kijken of ze me
context 2: Ik snap het compleet . Ze zijn erg koppig ahahaha maar
context 3: toen ik wakker werd . Ze zagen niks . 2 andere

term: Incidentally
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: incidentally
context 1: would help with that . Incidentally , I was diagnosed with
context 2: SLP here . Incidentally , one who ca n’t
context 3: and covered by insurance ! Incidentally I had moved to the

term: warrants
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: warrant
context 1: but this coming on suddenly warrants it being looked at .
context 2: clinician do n’t think it warrants a second opinion then I
context 3: treat ) or something that warrants a GI referral is nearly

term: soaking
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: soak
context 1: . No spitting up only soaking her and having to change
context 2: 's similar to a sponge soaking it up . might just
context 3: potentially with pieces of bread soaking in it . If it

term: strikes
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: strike
context 1: it ’s always something that strikes me with every photo of
context 2: Whoa 300 units strikes me as a lot ,
context 3: 15 + minutes . This strikes me as weird because surely

term: Ditto
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: ditto
context 1: Ditto all of this . Do
context 2: Ditto this . I did HORRIBLY
context 3: Ditto this . If you can

term: 14s
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: 14
context 1: and BMI dipped into the 14s . I was short of
context 2: adulthood was somewhere in the 14s . It was actually just
context 3: BMI went down into the 14s before curing and is already

term: Shoot
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: shoot
context 1: Shoot . But donuts sound more
context 2: ... someone mentioned them . Shoot me but I swear I
context 3: all that holds true . Shoot me a DM with her

term: norms
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: norm
context 1: my burps . The social norms took time too . Like
context 2: burp I have , social norms can get in the bin
context 3: anything out of the “ norms ” besides extra bubbles ,

term: https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM)
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14f_kseelad_rtpnjj_gvntlvlam)
context 1: [ known specialist ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM) ( most other doctors will
context 2: map of specialists ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM) to see where your closest
context 3: [ the map ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=12z_14F_KSeeLAd_rTPnjJ_GvNtlVLaM) – I 'm also aware

term: TSH
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: tsh
context 1: did n’t ask for a TSH test before the Botox (
context 2: . CBC , BMP , TSH , T4 , A1C .
context 3: ? They should search for TSH levels for Hypothyroidism and should

term: toda
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: today
context 1: completar uma semana , contando toda a minha história e os
context 2: me hice ningun estudio pero toda mi vida la pase muy
context 3: funcionado conmigo , aunque a toda la gente que conozco con

term: slammed
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: slam
context 1: round . That time I slammed seltzer waters through month 6
context 2: cause of UES not being slammed shut . So weird .
context 3: of a cat if you slammed it 's tail in a

term: SHOULD
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: should
context 1: of my mouth . It SHOULD be resting on the roof
context 2: directs the breath where it SHOULD be going , by blocking
context 3: I ’m not sure it SHOULD be held down in this

term: laryngeospasms
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: laryngeospasm
context 1: more severe side effect is laryngeospasms ; again , these are
context 2: 's important to remember that laryngeospasms are NOT dangerous , and
context 3: in preparation for any potential laryngeospasms , though again , they

term: definitions
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: definition
context 1: have made up my own definitions because I thought they were
context 2: and literal made - up definitions . My twisted colon was
context 3: opposes your literal made up definitions . You were unnecessarily hostile

term: flagged
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: flagge
context 1: June 14th . I ’ve flagged it to my surgeon and
context 2: through vomiting . My doctor flagged it as possible pancreatitis but
context 3: Hi , your post was flagged as spam and rightfully so

term: overfilled
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: overfilled
context 1: day I feel like an overfilled balloon that 's about to
context 2: recently and it was so overfilled with people . I really
context 3: hours without eating . An overfilled stomach will have a much

term: Esprit
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: esprit
context 1: mine is someone called Swinda Esprit I think
context 2: anesthisiologist will also be Dr Esprit based on my letter .
context 3: surgery and specifically to Dr Esprit ?

term: PAPER
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: paper
context 1: IS PROVED BY DR BASTIAN PAPER BUT ALSO AMATEUR STATISTICS :
context 2: THAT DEVIATING FROM DOCTOR BASTIAN PAPER IS OF ANY GOOD .
context 3: YOU SHOULD READ DR BASTIANS PAPER BEFORE ATTENDING ANY DOCTOR .

term: margaritas
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: margarita
context 1: ) . For some reason margaritas are particularly triggering for me
context 2: ’ve been looking forward to margaritas and crab legs on my
context 3: worst for me is also margaritas !! I have n’t been

term: pathologies
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: pathology
context 1: feel like we over - pathologies things ; if something is
context 2: much more common in voice pathologies than you may think )
context 3: , except with broader muscular pathologies ) . You lay down

term: Correct
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: correct
context 1: Correct ! The modified has a
context 2: Correct . It ’s like turning
context 3: Correct . On the other hand

term: Cuando
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: cuando
context 1: puedo ayudar con esta . Cuando eres mirando por un doctor
context 2: de razón tengo RCPD . Cuando empecé a tomar alcohol fue
context 3: a una médica clínica . Cuando le co nté lo que

term: También
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: también
context 1: experiencias mal con gastroenerólogos . También lo siento mi español es
context 2: que les ha funcionado . También hay un grupo de WhatsApp
context 3: cualquier cosa que ingieras . También puedes sufrir una infección severa

term: mUI
frequency: 6
lemmatized_to: mui
context 1: and should be around 1 mUI / l in most people
context 2: in most people ( 2 mUI / l is already hypothyroidism
context 3: 's normal up to 4,5 mUI / l which is bullshit

